

Vogel Morra

Names
    
A Novel in Three Parts with Epilogue

    “They were seared by the intense heat and they cursed the name of God, who had control over these plagues, but they refused to repent and glorify him.”
Revelation 16:9

    “He has a name written on him that no one knows but he himself. “
Revelation 19:12

    “Anyone whose name was not found written in the book of life was thrown into the lake of fire.”
Revelation 20:15

    “Euen so I say he deceaues the Witches, by attributing to himselfe diuers names: as if euery diuers shape that he trans formes himselfe in, were a diuers kinde of spirit.”
Chapter V King James VI and I Daemonologue 

The places of worship are only for Allah, so do not invoke anyone besides Him.
The Jinn, The Noble Quran

    “The woman was dressed in purple and scarlet, and was glittering with gold, precious stones and pearls. She held a golden cup in her hand, filled with abominable things and the filth of her adulteries. The name written on her forehead was a mystery:
Babylon the great
the mother of prostitutes
and of the abominations of the earth.”
Revelation 17:4

Book I
Chapter

    “Green. In those old medieval paintings, he's this green man. Or the serpent in the garden, or the dragon in Revelations. Have you read Revelations?”
    “Uh, then why is he red now, the Devil?”
    “I’m not sure. It was probably some artistic choice. But the Devil, you know, is a liar. ‘The Devil is a liar’. That has a horrible sound to it, when you say it out loud. It makes him sound real. Anyways, maybe he was green and then red, or maybe he’s convinced the world that he’s the one-armed man, have you heard of that saying? He says to Man as he’s showing him this picture, ‘If you see this man, don’t trust him.’”
    “Because he’s the Devil.”
    “Right. ‘Beware’. But the way I've always thought about it, well not always, but recently, what it is to lie, and to be first creation of God, and to also be the one he loved originally, and now his diametric opposite-”
    “First creation?”
    “-and it makes me think, now, that he can …we’ll it's like this: God’s this entity that can’t be wrong, right? His word is instantly the command of, essentially, reality. His prophecies come true right in front of you. ‘Let there be light’ and that was the Devil. God needed another, or wanted, and he, his favorite, was the most beautiful, the smartest, the wisest…whatever else.”	
    “Do you believe in God?”
    “No, but listen. Listen. That's why I’ve been reading the bible, at least Revelations. It’s this book. It’s supposed to be this miracle on earth. How many people in the world believe the Abrahamic God, despite the different sects and names of religions, it’s essentially the same identity on the throne? Over half. Over half of …people, who are just as wise, who’ve lived just as long, experienced love, and isolation, and misery, and laughter, and sex and foreplay, and who’ve had sick mothers and dead fathers, and they’ve seen children dancing, and spring and summer, and …all these people, for the most part, believe and pray, and die believing; sacrificing to this one individual with many names. And then the other religions that make up the rest of the population of earth, you know, besides the Christians, the Jewish, and…who am I forgetting?”
    “Muslims?”
    “Right. So the major branches, then it's, like, Buddhism and eastern Asian religions, Taoism? The point is, even in all the other religions, they’ve still got a similar guy. Or they at least have identities for each of his names: the creator, the destroyer, chaos, the sky, fertility, life, death, and war. The main difference is that in the major Abrahamic religions-”
    “Do you want some more tea?”
    “No, thank you.”
    “I’ve been thinking about Sammy’s–uh, sorry I didn't mean to cut you off.”
    “No, what were you saying?”
    “My friend Sammy, he said that he wants to write a play with me.” 
Marcus stops pacing in front of me, and for a moment, I can't understand the look on his face. Envy?
    “A play? That’s cool. What kind of play? Like a very serious play? With actors and a budget?”
    “Uh, he sounded quite serious. I would hope. I mean, who puts on plays anymore. Well, -”
    “Everyone does”
    “-right. As I was saying it, obviously ‘Everyone’. Playwriting and screenwriting are shadows of one another. Or maybe growths of each other, or of…never mind. But, yeah. We were talking about it, we wanted to both do something we haven’t done before so that we could learn together. “
    “And keep each of you responsible. My mother always says ‘Hold your hand to the fire’. What's this ‘Sammy’ like? Writer?”
    “Well, he's got a family, a pregnant wife, or girlfriend. He calls her ‘His girl’, but… and he’s a little shorter than me. He and I kind of met in a similar vein that me and you met.”
    “Coincidentally?”
    “Randomly, right. I was selling prints downtown and he and I just started talking, but the way he approached me I thought I was going to have to defend myself. He reminded me of me, and I think that is why we connect so well now, but why I initially didn’t like him. Anyways, I'm being polite, because I don't want to fight this stranger, possibly homeless or erratic…”
    “I already know what you are thinking, but continue your story.”
    “What?”
    “You're thinking about why crazy people…uh, essentially the, well the essence of the unknown and dangerous person. You were thinking about the dregs of society and …no?”
    “Kind of. Yeah. I mean, for a moment, I was thinking how it sounded natural to call this stranger, who was behaving in a way that was offensive to me in public, I called them reflexively ‘Crazy’ or ‘Homeless’, and how those words have this immediate imagery and status: they have a low fidelity to reality and common sense, that’s why they’re homeless. And I felt bad because, for one, it's not true with Sammy, and if it isn't true with him, then it's probably untrue generally.”
    “‘Don’t feel bad that they’re on the street, they aren’t humans.’”
    “Right. ‘Look no further.’”
    “Hold on.” 
Marcus reaches for his pants, widens his stance, and pees where he is standing. We are alone in the park, and even more isolated in the dark. I’m sitting at this concrete chess table, one of the four in this area, where the grass and earth, with its trees, meet gravel and concrete and its architecture. Usually, which is why I chose to come here tonight, the park is well lit with light posts taller than most trees and comparatively brighter than the moon when they are seen side by side. Marcus is faintly humming and I stare at where the moon should be and think about the last time I remember seeing it; how I'd watch it swim, break the sky around it, illustrate the clouds, and watch me in turn. But tonight there is no moon and even less light in the park.
    “What were you saying?”
    “I, uh, was talking about Sammy. You asked-”
    “Right. Go ahead.”
    “So yeah, when I met him, he tells me his whole life, up to that point, within maybe the first five minutes of meeting and talking. We had this instantaneous rapport and understanding and almost trust of one another.” I say this, looking into where I think Marcus' eyes meet my own, almost talking about him while I'm thinking of another. “I’m kneeling, setting up my stand, and he walks over to me, and we lock eyes. Remind me to tell you about locking eyes. I feel like, well, hold on. Anyways, we lock eyes, he comes over and stands right next to me, right over me, and questions me like, ‘What are you doing over here?’ but the tone is like, he’s caught me with my pants down, or more honestly, he’s caught me without a weapon, and kneeling.”
    “Hm.”
    “But then I stand up, finished with what I was doing, or maybe because I just didn't like that he was talking down to me, and I answering him while on my knees. I stood up, and was taller than him, and we do, as men do, that posturing, and essentially we become friends. And he tells me about his heroin addiction, and his family, and how he’s sober, and how he and I are so young with our whole lives ahead of us, and we just kept going back and forth, and I immediately, uh, recognized him. That’s the best way I can put it. I recognized you too, when we first met.”
    “Recognized. That’s a nice way of saying it. ‘Locking eyes’?”
    “Right. I find myself locking eyes with people right before something is about to happen between us for the first time. It’s like that scene in The Shining where Scatman is lying in bed and Danny is calling him, and he’s in a trance. It’s like that. It’s this knowing. Recognition. Realization that something…significant is about to happen.”
    “I saw you first, we didn’t lock eyes, you had your back turned.”
    “Right, right. But there was this man I saw the other day. Yesterday, actually. Well you know what I mean, it's after midnight. But I'm heading to the store, just around the corner from here, and I pass by maybe fifty people or maybe twenty, some insignificant and numerous amount of people, and it's a regular day. I see beautiful women jogging. I see children dressed identically and practicing baseball drills. I see couples talking, and the birds, and it's a normal day. Then there is this man, and I feel like he’s stained my mind; he was in all white, pale, pale skin, and I’m in all black, or very near it, and I suddenly become extremely aware of myself when I see him, and then we lock eyes, and we are staring at each other, or I’m staring at him, because of how peculiar? That sounds dishonest. Uncanny? What's the opposite of ominous: portentous? It felt like déjà vu, no that’s not quite right. You know what I'm saying though, right?”
    “Ominous sounds right. Eerie.”
    “And he’s staring at me because I can't take my eyes away from him, and I'm leaving the park, walking into the street, and he’s on the sidewalk, having just left his apartment and walking toward the park, so now we are walking directly at each other. Usually people look away, or make it clear which side to walk upon when another is approaching, but we are walking, it seems, into each other, and we are watching each other doing it. It became this… exaggerated…I don’t know how to say it.”
    “Then what happened?”
    “We walked right next to each other, staring into each other’s eyes, nearly shoulder to shoulder, and then I never saw him again. He looked like-”
    “I see what you are saying. He looked important. Fatal.”
    “Maybe not fatal, but it looked like I was on the wrong end of a vision. Or maybe like I was conscious in a memory. Something bizarre like that.”
    “So you believe in coincidences?”
    “Do I believe? What do you mean? Like, do they hold meaning? I suppose.”
    “What about fate?”
    “I think it's very popular to say, actually I forget what the popular answer is. Is it more common to say that, ‘Yes, free will exists’ or that ‘There is no such thing as fate’?”
    “What’s the difference?”
    “That's my point, I’ve confused myself. Anyways, uh, I think fate is real. It’s fucking real and everyone knows it. It’s real and it doesn't matter. It’s like circumcision: By the time you realize your fate, it’s too late.”
    “What about magic?”
    “I knew you were going to ask that. You’re supposed to say ‘No’ to that one.”
    “I said I didn't believe in God earlier, but I do. I’m not Christian or Muslim or anything, I just don’t think scientists are as infallible as they claim. Science is like a really good tool that Man has invented to see in the dark, but is only able to peer at what it shines its light on, while everything else remains.”
    “Do you believe in magic?” 
    “I think it's like this. Honestly. I’m going to speak truthfully. I think all that shit exists, but it appears in a way that we don’t appreciate. It’s more unnatural than supernatural. More uncanny than fantastic. A bunch of coincidences confined in a single moment, to me, spells miracle. I had this dream of Jesus, at his crucifixion. Real jagged cliff edges, gloomy and somber and desolate weather, cloudy, cold, grey, and dead: Golgotha. ‘Skull’. I'm watching his crucifixion from right behind his shoulders, watching him look down at his disciples and lover, and mother. Edvard Munch had the atmosphere closest from what I've seen in crucifixion paintings. Anyways, he dies, and comes back. He tells people, he tells me, because I suppose I'm who he’s talking to in the dream amongst the people... Jesus is speaking his secret words to the people who’ve witnessed his resurrection. And it makes me think, as I'm saying it, of how incredible it is to revive people, to bring people back from the brink and other side of death; and whatever, those that come back have these fantastic visions, I don't count that shit with much merit… I think most of the shit in the world, and the claims of magic and supernatural and whatever else are fucking bullshit. Bullshit. People are fucking lying, but, and after this I’ll get to the point. What time is it? Uh, the point is that, well, in the dream he told me that he wasn’t coming back publicly. He, essentially, gave up on people. He went to go walk the earth as a man, as a spector, and that was that. But the point is that people who watched Jesus come from the cross or; even if that is parabolic or the truth is hidden in some poorly translated symbolism, I’m saying that, even if at the end of the day he committed no miracles besides being the son of God and teaching people, in spite of the law and the world, and in spite of the punishment and prophecy the son of God had, for him to then still die, but not before the starvation and the beating and warping of his flesh with dislocated shoulders from bearing all his weight, and birds of prey clawing at his face, and his defecation down both his legs because they were nailed together, I’m saying that even if all he managed to do was be the most important figure in the history of the world, where two thousand years after his death over half of the world’s populace believe in him and his story, and the other half, have heard his story or know of his story, because it’s the story of God on earth, I’m saying that now, as we do, people would be desensitized to the miracle right in front of them. And that’s why I'm reading Revelations.”
    “I remember you saying something about this: The reason no one is very alarmed at the potential alien sightings is because people have been introduced to the idea in media for decades; so that now while living it, and the government and major world institutions, and world leaders are-”
    “Yes, but I don't want to mix aliens into this. You start reaching and putting too many things under your umbrella and people start calling you crazy. You can’t believe in bigfoot and ghosts, and aliens, and then say you are a Christian. Or then say, ‘See aliens exist so why not magic?’ because it's just, well, you are overextending your elasticity, and your sense of reality becomes …you know what I mean. There has to be a line: This is fake, This a lie, This man is a fraud, You are not psychic, That was just a coincidence, That was just a dream, People just die for no reason, People starve for no reason. And then, AND THEN, over here, after stringent, near scientific filtration, can you then point and say,’ But this, right before me, right in front of my eyes, is a miracle.’ That’s what I’ve been looking for. A fucking miracle. A miracle. Undoubtedly. God manifest, on earth. 
    “Proof.”
    “Perfect proof. And that, apparently, is the bible. Or the bible is the closest thing the common man has. It’s the word of and the physical manifestation of God, and it’s lost some of its allure and grandeur because of how over disseminated it is in culture-”
    “Right, because everyone has, or knows of, the bible.”
    “Which is my point. There is no other thing in the world like it, and not only that, but it is this book of prophecies. It can predict the future, ‘The End’. The apocalypse. That’s the title of the last chapter. And-”
    “My phone just turned back on, it's ten minutes to three.”
    “Oh, do you want to head home?”
    “No, I'm fine, I just remember you asking.”
    “Right. Uhm…am I shouting?”
    “I mean, there is no one else here.”
    “You don’t have very good vision in the dark. There was a man walking, but he disappeared around the other side of that hill. I thought he was coming over here for a minute.”
    “Really? Behind me?” I make the gesture to turn, but even as I do, all I can see is nearly flat and black space, and then the boundaries of the park in the distance.
    “But listen, so, Revelations is…but maybe that’s not enough. A book of prophecies predicting the end of reality, the coming of God, and the last few struggles of the Devil, and Jesus and his mother fleeing, and like not even that many people get to go to heaven, its fucked up. It’s maybe a hundred thousand, the rest of us are fucked.”
    “But I thought… if you repent, or something…”
    “Listen, listen. I mean, maybe; it’s never too late. But God just sits on his throne, and all of these incredible things are happening, and even though they are completely unrelated and done not in his presence, the people and the angels, and whoever else, the choir of heaven, they sing his praises and credit his name for all the terrible, miraculous events that are happening: and that’s why he’s omnipresent. There are rivers of blood, demons coming out of the water, plagues and plagues and plagues, and mass beheadings, essentially, it’s hell on earth, or it’s hell and literal hell is pouring out into the world, and unless you are saved, you are fucked. Even Jesus and his mother are helpless; and the Devil is literally chasing them at the end of the world. And that all sounds beautiful, but it's not enough. It isn’t. It won’t be, until the miracle of the bible is proven before me. Which, of course, means hell on earth.”

Chapter

Walking back home alone, trying to find my way out of the park despite my desperate familiarity; I’ve lived nearby for the last four years, in a small rented room on the fourth floor of an apartment building. As I’m nearing the edge of the park, toward an entrance, I begin remembering the rest of my conversation with Marcus, or maybe I’m trying to force myself to remember it. 
There was something unspoken between us, or an apparition of something unspoken, a confession; embryonic and unready to be suggested but hinted at, the general outline flirted with. I’ve known Marcus for maybe five days, extended over a month of time; which is fairly significant in two ways: the first, it makes me think of experience, and how when people ask me how long I’ve been doing such-and-such, dieting, for example, or dating this woman, and the colloquial answer would be: a month, the span between the first and the last date, and the time I’ve seen her; maybe you could count the time between these dates because we’ve shared hour long conversations that digitally state we’ve been talking longer and longer, but the conversation betrays that perception, and me and this women, for example, haven’t had sex yet; maybe we’ve held hands in the daylight or sat next to each other amongst friends, and she’s put her weight into my shoulder and lingers, or she consciously chooses to wear the perfume that I like, and our eyes hold another’s longer and longer, but perceptibly shorter moments pass between us, but in the end, the reason she won’t invite me inside, and the reason I’m ashamed to show her where I live is because, on her end, maybe she doesn’t trust me enough, and I, on my end, don’t know her well enough because we’ve only seen each other in person for a few days and a few hours at that on each of those days. The other reason this amount of time is significant is because on each of these five days with Marcus, I feel to have completely exhausted myself, and overshared, and overextended, and completely tried to convey all of my inner dialogue, and I find myself, more often than not, completely embarrassed by it. Why am I so forthcoming with my secrets? Why am I so ready, at the first person who asks, to pull my pants down and humiliate myself, debase myself because they’ve shown me attention? Is this what friendship is?
I’ve always struggled with this concept: friendship; to be friends; being friendly. With women, it’s easy. All my life I’ve gotten along intimately with women, I feel they see right through me, so I don’t have to pretend to be this individual, the way I do with men. With women, I am not trying, I mean, obviously I want to still seem interesting and mysterious, and serious, but there isn’t any need to do so; I only fail with women, be it in fostering friendships, or soliciting sex, or blooming relationships, when I am overly cognizant of myself, trying to behave the way I think I’m supposed to, and what is conveyed are my strangely abrupt and obvious and clumsy efforts, and to women, it appears that I just want sex, which often I do, and I lose all my charm, and I lose them because they see that I’m too focused and static, and the reason they were interested in me in the first place, what they’ve seen in my soul, as women do, has been hidden by ego. So, with women, I’m myself; they feel comfortable enough to sit closer to me, to be alone with me, to undress before me, because I’m not expecting them to; when I’m myself, I’m almost scared to be seen as a fool, so I’m quiet, and I’m scared to have my feelings hurt, so I’m quiet, and I’m scared of that moment when women unbutton their pants, so I watch them do it, in silence. Women smile at my nervousness, and sit closer to me because I’m shy, and appreciate, I hope, my pure adoration for them.
But with men, I'm untrusting.

Marcus asks, before we part ways for the night,
    “Have you ever been in love?”
    “I hope not. I’ve been in relationships…Wait, have you?”
    “Finish what you were saying.”
    “Oh, um. I mean, I've said, ‘I love you’ but when I do it, I feel kind of like the passive observer listening to myself say it and watching her to see if she believes me. Or maybe that’s just being self-conscious. I hope not because if what I've had was love then love isn’t worth the songs or movies, and whatever else. I hope I've been lying to myself.”
    “You just reminded me of something. Hold on. Wait, say that last part again. No, never mind, I was just thinking about this the other day: Being in denial and self-deception. The train of thought went something like, ‘How can I trust my senses and the world around me, when I, myself, am not convinced?’ and then it led to me thinking about my life, and coincidences that I knew had meaning at the time. Like, for example, this scar on my hand. Well, I'll show it to you in better light. But I was watching Jaws, and there's this scene where they’re warning one of the shipmates to let go of the line when it runs, because it could tear off a finger, and then the very next day I was holding onto a wire as it was running, and honest to God, I predicted that moment, but in the sense that my awareness of that moment, with the wire in my hand, and the moment sitting in front of my computer, they were joined in my mind, but on the other side I could only guess at it, like, I could only see it’s…No, I’ve never been in love. I fall in love everyday with strangers, but that’s not being in love with them, as a soul with a vessel, and personality, and, I don’t know, idiosyncrasies, and hygienic problems or mental health issues, it’s more being in love with their visage, which is still pure love, but it’s too pure and fragile… Crystalline sugar. Anyways, I’m this way. When’s the next time you’re free?”

I watch his back, his walk become less distinct, his size grow small, and eventually he turns and becomes invisible. I exit through one of the many park entrances, cross the street and am approaching my apartment building minutes later. The apartment has a courtyard with a statue that is covered in black plastic throughout most of the year; the rest of the year, it's very idyllic with water coming out of it: a small basin made of stone and in the center, so that the statue appears to be born from the water, is a flower that doesn’t wilt. Surrounding the statue is: a winding path that loops around the pool and connects again on either side, grass and shrubbery, and then, all the length up the buildings, deep green vines that squirrels use to terrorize me during the summer, clawing at my window while I’m trying to sleep.
My building is the leftmost of the three that are connected, with the middle building facing the arch entrance to the courtyard. The stairs inside my building are carpeted and cleaned very infrequently, but they’re a dark maroon color with uninteresting tessellated designs, upon a dark wooden floor, and unless they smell of shit or piss I wouldn’t look twice at them so it’s ultimately unsurprising that the building managers get around as often as they do to clean them.
For the most part, everyone in the building is fairly nice; actually they are quite pleasant. Most of the tenants have moved in more recently than I have but the ones that were here, when I moved in four winters ago, were the first floor couple with their two dogs that are older as well. Sometimes their grandchildren spend the holiday seasons living with them, and I make cheerful exchanges with the husband, who is genuinely nice, whose hair is greyer and whiter each time I see him, and whose name escapes me. Paul? His wife, Sarah, which I’ve divined because everyone in the building looks out for one another when our packages are delivered; instead of leaving them to vandals, or thieves, the overly curious, and the elements, we make it a point to bring them inside to one another’s doorstep, the closer to my door it'll be brought, the higher they live in the building. Paul and Sarah are nice people but they rarely pick up after their dogs who pee and shit in the courtyard; but how can anyone truly complain because Paul is the only one who shovels during the winter, and during the winter the snow can become insurmountable if you aren’t in great shape. So, fine, their dog leaves puddles of piss near enough the grass along the path sometimes, people get shot blocks away most nights, and freeze when it’s cold even closer than that. The second floor, right above Paul and Sarah and their two dogs, is another couple and they have a son. The Husband owns a gun and the wife is fairly beautiful, young, in the same age bracket as me, or perhaps because of her charms, she appears youthful, and because of her personality, she doesn’t seem very different from the women my own age nor very similar to the women my mothers age; somewhere vague and malleable between the two. She knows my name, and I pretend to know hers, or it’s immediately obvious when I see it on their packages, but their shared last name is Williams. The Williams got a dog nearly the same time, maybe a month after I did. I got this small, little beagle and gave him a biblical name because when I look at him, and his overly large head, his twenty pound body, the black fur that gives room to the light chocolate brown found underneath his ears and covering his legs but ultimately pure white on his chest and toes, where his front paws seem to have six each, and when he lies next to me with his soft underbelly that moves gently when he sleeps, to me, I see: ‘Micah’. The building didn’t allow any more dogs, there was a complaint about the noise and the droppings in the courtyard, but I got him anyway, and then soon enough he had a playmate that quickly outgrew him, a large white pit bull mix. We, myself and the Mrs. Williams, were in the basement one day washing our clothes at the same time, and the wife came up to me and told me her whole life story, all her dirty laundry, unprompted. She tells me of her: irritable bowel syndrome, and her fainting spells, and her mother’s history of illnesses, and how when she was sick with the most recent plague, that, coupled with her pre-existing conditions, nearly killed her; despite her youth, despite her beauty.
The third floor, beneath me, there is a musician and his girlfriend. I helped him move in by accident. The corridor, a single path, hidden between the neighboring building's backyard fence and a brick wall, leads to the garbage bins in the alley. I was taking the trash out, and at the end, waiting for me to finish walking down so that he’d have enough space to carry this large object in his hand, was a man, maybe in his early twenties, thinner than me, shorter than me; he looked lost, so I say,
    “Need a hand?” no, I say something more vague, I say,
    “Need help?” and he took it that I was asking him to help with moving in; so as I’m approaching him, I notice on the other side of the fence, behind the garbage and recycling bins of the neighbor, there is a car in the alley with an open trunk and all around it are boxes and pieces of furniture: lamps, drawers taken out of the frame to make it easier to carry, bags, things of little interest to another, but of special value to the owner. He says,
    “Yeah, that would be great.” And what was supposed to be a quick exchange, helping someone who maybe was in need of directions, now was a back and forth trip of helping them move into their apartment. The items were light and few, so it wasn’t worth the objection. I was being neighborly. He tells me that his girlfriend and himself have just moved in, he’s a musician, and to forgive him for the noise in the future, especially that night because they were having a get together with close friends. That was a few months ago, near end of winter, and since then I’ve heard him scream at his girlfriend more than I’ve heard him play the guitar. He screams at her like a man that is too brave with women, but meek with men that are bigger and unfamiliar to him. He screams at her in a way that makes me think he is going to kill her. 
And then on the fourth floor across from me, is a family with a Slavic last name, and they are very friendly and aloof, personable and, like the wise, they keep to themselves; perfect neighbors. They’re the reason my packages get delivered to my door on the fourth floor. I live with a man who has left his family, for reasons he chooses to share with me, overly intimate reasons, and I am renting a room from him; very inexpensive financially, fairly expensive in a precarious sense. He doesn’t mind my dog, so I don't mind him and the things that he tells me.
I get to my room, greet my excited companion, play with him for a little while, before the two of us fall asleep against each other.

The next day after work, I decided to go to the same park. Returning from the store with a drink to cool off in the spring heat, which I’ve always hated because I sweat excessively and there are more people outside; the counterweight is there are also more women outside. I’m sitting at this black painted wooden bench just off of one of the two paths that are carved into the grass, just wide enough for cars, but more likely to be seen are dogs and their owners, children and their fathers, or people like me, making an effort to be outside. All before me are rolling hills and trees, green grass, red birds, the white and blue sky. I see an elderly man, with a rolling walker, guiding him toward me. I see him and know that he is going to sit next to me, and he does, after an effort. In the silence of two men enjoying the weather and outside, I am waiting for him to speak to me, and he does.

    “ You would think that on a day such as this, with the weather being so nice, that there would be more people outside today.”
    “Yeah, it’s not so bad though.”

And we begin talking about the weather, and then golf and his history of playing it, and then politics. Men love to talk. But he’s extremely forthcoming and friendly, and I'm glad for the company. He mentions the Devil, and how the current running president is the self-same man; but he says it in a joke that is obvious with superstition because when I don't belittle him for it, he repeats it, in a more serious, confiding way.

    “The Devil?” 
    “He is.”
    “I suppose he is very charming.”
    “He controls the room whenever he is speaking, and he’s pure evil. Evil.”

And if he was the Devil, as this man suggests, then it would be very obvious and poorly allegorical: a man with too much power, hurting women, hurting the people in the lowest caste, and helping those who like him. As the old man next to me on the bench is talking, he gestures a lot with his hands, he mentions that he is eighty nine years old but honestly he has the vitality for another ten years, and the life for another fifteen, at least. His face seems young for his age but his hands betray him, they're so skeletal and large, and the skin demonstrates the contours of his blood vessels and lack of muscle; he can’t keep them from shaking slightly. We shake hands, and there is strength in them. Before parting, as I knew he would, because it was the same moment that I would have in his shoes, for it was getting chilly and the sky more white as the sun faded into the clouds and the soft gray sky behind the veil of trees, he asks my name.

    “Andre.”
    “Jim, hope to see you again,” he says, cheerfully, with a smile of dark brown teeth.
    “Definitely.”, I say it and mean it. He was a great conversationalist. He walks away and a few meters later, as I’m watching his curved back and small gait, he turns and says,
    “That’s an interesting name.”
    “Really?”
    “I mean, it’s nice.” He says something that I vaguely hear, I think a compliment, and I smile at it, understanding the sentiment. To me, the name is so simple, something that I’ve always had, something that I pay attention to a lot, something that I hear in my sleep when I think my mother is calling me to wake up, or sometimes that I hear coming from unexpected places; I’ve heard it my whole life and it’s shaped my perception and how I am perceived, and I feel a certain kinship with people who share my name, or its synonymous names like Andrew or Andréa; I look up famous people who’ve shared my name, famous visual artist, and I feel a certain tinge like in the same way a brother who shares his name with his three other brothers who are older, more handsome, more successful, and more known, making me feel that I don’t, ultimately, have my own identity, or that Andre, isn’t my own. But the compliment, in its simplicity, makes me smile.
    “Yours is nice, too.” Jim. Probably James to his family, Jim to friends. He called me his friend.
A man who I see as frequently as I come to this park, for he must walk this park everyday with his dog who is a little smaller than my own, and nearly as cute, Jim and the man exchange pleasantries and genuine smiles a few minutes after Jim sits next to me.
    “I saw you on the other side, and now you are here. You are making stops?” The man and his dog, he’s much older than I am but all his hair is still very black, and the skin on his face is hard and thick, only cracking around the eyes. 
    “I’ve made a new friend,” Jim says, gesturing to me; and the anticipation of eye contact and the exchange of smiles, in the moment I look down, because I’m shy, but I bring myself to meet his gaze, and it’s pleasant, his smile friendly, and his voice isn’t how I expected it to be, it moves between an accent and another that is nearly imperceptible, in a way that conveys that he is a native speaker of this area: one accent dying and bleeding into another. I saw this man earlier, still walking his dog before I went to the store, he was talking to a woman I couldn’t take my eyes off of, and it wasn’t envy when I saw them talking, I was genuinely impressed. But she was with her child that belonged to another man, going back to her life after they shared a laugh; and now I’m sharing a laugh with him. Marcus would constitute this as a meaningless coincidence, as would I, but I’ve lived in this neighborhood for four years, and take nearly daily walks, and in every condition, bitter cold, bitter heat, he is out here with his dog and I see him and we don’t look at each other when we do happen to walk along the same path, but now, today, I’ve seen him twice, laughing twice, and now we’ve been casually introduced to one another. 
Five minutes after Jim leaves my line of sight, I head home to walk my own dog. Micah: who sleeps all day, barks out the window all day, tries to get into fights with dogs behind fences but is less brave with dogs that are rude with no fence between them. There have been a few instances where I feel like I've failed to protect him, where dogs quicker than me have gotten to him, where the leashes have gotten me tangled and he couldn't escape far enough behind me out of harm's way. And in that moment, and every moment since, when I see that owner, I think about killing him. Killing him and his dog. I think about how if anything serious had happened to my dog, I hope, in that moment, beyond the shock, or because of the shock, or because of the shock at a later time, I would find his dog and the dog would find my box cutter unzipping it’s belly; I would reach in, with my elbow being the last part of my arm visible, staring as the new blood replaces the thinner, drying, coagulated layers hiding my skin, and I would pull as much of that dog out and unmake it. The owner always stares at me when we cross paths because he remembers, as I do, our encounter. But nothing happened to my dog then: the leashes got tangled, my dog started the fight, and his dog, bigger and older, basically told my dog to shut up and calm down. But I didn't like that because he didn’t stop his dog, nor would have, if that dog decided to crush Micah's spine.

Chapter

The only good part about spring is the cool nights. The only good part about spring is the rain. The only good part about spring are the flowers; and the gray days and matching skies that make the trees and the leaves, the grass, the pools of rain water or bodies of water that could be called a lake or a pond, more blue, more gray, less transparent, and more sad.  The trees, during spring, are especially green with moss and life, and caterpillars, and red with ants and twisted bark. But the only good part about spring is the cool nights. The nights after it’s rained, or, in the way it will tonight, going to rain before I can make it home. For a moment, daylight, in one part of the sky, and if it was any longer then it would be the coming of God, but then it’s dark, dull, and somber again when the light dies away. The wind, born from nowhere, is coming, I can see it in the grass and the trees, and in the night, and it’s terrible. There is an overhead tearing sound of a tree losing a limb and a traffic sign is plummeting toward me, giving the wind illustration. Before I’m overtaken, I hide behind the lee of a tree, and in the wind the rain is carried, and after the wind has split around the tree, loud in my ears, after the branches and plastic have moved through the rain that can’t be peered, after the rain has done it’s work, instantaneously soaking through every layer of my clothing and pooling in my shoes, coating my pants to my legs, I come from around the tree and continue on to the store; might as well, as close as I am, finish what I started. But the wind and the rain are more powerful, more convincing, heavy handed in their suggestions to turn back; the rain blinds me as soon as I clear my face of it, and despite my strength I am failing to make strides forward. The wind stops, I get to the store, and to any observer, for there are many who were smarter than me, or moments luckier who decided to wait out the sudden cloudburst, I appear to have been standing in rain for hours, or perhaps have the look of a man who soaks all his clothes in water before going about his day. I make my purchase and on the way home I am abusing every canopy, every roofing, every tree shelter, balconies, walking paths outside of apartment complexes specifically designed to save residents from the elements, whatever I can to mitigate the rainfall, but it’s pointless because my clothes could not hold more water. I’m suddenly very conscious of myself, remembering a video of apes looking disgusted at the thought of being caught in the rain, getting their fur wet, and as I’m watching the video in my memory I think, ‘It’s just water’, or I’ll see people in movies, or simple videos online, behaving as monkeys do, running from water as they would run from the wrath of God, as I am running. I get home, with my midnight snacks that were not worth the trouble, undress and dry off with a dark brown towel, and am asleep before I realize it.

Chapter

Sammy’s apartment is very simple. You walk in: and there are tile floors, the first room being the kitchen and dining area; there is this round wooden table with a cloth and faux potted flower, a bowl of fruit and unassorted mail, around the table are three brown wooden chairs that I think are especially nice. I’ve always loved wooden furniture, even if done poorly, which Sammy’s are not; objects made from wood have their charm that can be seen in the spirals and knots, in their seamless magnetism. The table and chairs are against the left wall before the first bedroom, where I'm told the baby will sleep. Along the right hand wall are pictures of him and his girl, his mother, and other people who I don’t know, and beneath a few of these framed photos is the stove, the microwave, the sink, and on either side, wooden cabinets. From where I’m sitting, with my back to the door, I can see into their living room and there is a low glass table, a nice couch, carpeting, and a patio hidden by blinds. The light is leaving the living room in grays, having diffused into powdery blues that make me nostalgic the longer I think about them.  Along the right wall, that turns to create another room, is where the lovers sleep and the only bathroom is in their bedroom. 

    “I said, ‘Have you given it any further thought?’” Sammy’s voice, grounding me to the present.
    “Forgive me. I was just… remembered something. I was very young in my parent’s home and alone in the early morning, wandering around, or it was very late in the way that the two look identical, and I was sitting on the floor and, uh, looking at something in the blue light. I’m sitting in this spacious room, under an archway that is painted brown or wood, and the walls are unpainted and white, but blue because of…I don’t know. I just remembered it.”
    “Sounds like a nice memory. I’ve got one similar: I’m in college before I dropped out; I was there, maybe, month or a year, living on campus, but I went to class maybe fifteen times; fifteen lectures extended over that period…before my roommates have come back, I leave my room, and… at the time I’m living in this nearly luxurious suite, where it’s obviously not very good, but the best dormitories for college students; better than this, well, maybe, newer than this. Anyways, I’m alone, I’m leaving my room, and in the shared living area the lights are off. From my vantage point with my key’s still in the door, I can only really see this chair, the rest of the living room is behind the corner out of sight to the left. I’m looking at this soft cushion chair that none of us really used, we all kind of were polite and different, and had already decided to, well, they were nice people, but I wasn’t interested in knowing them. I didn’t bother trying to make friends, I just needed a place to stay. I was fed, had a place to stay, a place to… well, but yeah. I’m looking at this chair, and the sun is going down, and everything is in this deep, perfect shade, the lights are off, and the blinds are drawn, and no one else is home, but the chair is facing me like there is a man sitting in it, watching me, and unseen. “
    “I like your place, it’s better than mine.”
    “Well the offer still stands. My daughter isn’t due for a month, or maybe it’s closer to two. Definitely a month and a half. I was thinking about something else.”
    “It wouldn't make sense now, before it would have been perfect.”
    “I mean, just to crash, if you don’t want to make the journey home some nights. Or… when we are working late.” Sammy suggests and we share a smile.
    “Right, the play. I kind of like the plays that take place in one setting, or like it’s this one moment, or…”
    “I want it to be simple. Unpretentious, less pretentious, because you know, it’s a fucking play. But honest, not too many characters, maybe like four or five. Maybe six. Seven? No, four or five. I want it to be…wait, I… hold on, I wrote something.” Sammy disappears in his room, and comes back empty handed. “I did write something, but it wasn’t worth bringing.  Do you want some more tea?”
    “Please.”
    “It’s good right, with the honey and…it's almost like a marmalade. But, so, I was thinking of doing, like, a love story but then people love tragedies more, so something tragic. But writing tragedies seems, especially for our first play, it seems hard. Right? Like, I've seen tragic movies, and read books with tragic endings, I think, and, essentially, what they do is they set you up for failure which is the definition of tragedy. I looked it up; it's one of the synonyms. ‘Synonym’, I looked that up too, it means exactly the same. I looked it up, it’s etymology, because it sounded Greek, like nym and nymph. And…Sorry. I’ve been thinking about this nearly nonstop, thinking of what I would say to you about the work, so it’s just kind of spilling out of me.”
    “No, I’m the same way, don’t worry.”
    “So, what do you think?”
    “Oh, yeah, well-” Sammy gets up, and greets his girlfriend at the door, helps her with her bags and jacket.
    “Love, why didn’t you tell me you were downstairs? I told you to call me, I would have come.”
    “It’s fine, I'm ok. Hi Andre.”
    “Hi, how are you?”
    “Where are you going, sit down.”
    “Why are you getting up, you’ve been here for an hour. Sit, drink your tea. Finish your tea, at least, and stay. He’s so formal.” Sammy guides her to the chair he was sitting in, brings her tea, and sits at the remaining chair, so that they are facing me, together. 
    “How was your day?” She says, turning to him.
    “Oh, you know, waiting for you.” And they sit together, with their closest arms hooked, and her remaining hand over his arm: Love, in very simple gestures.
    “Have you eaten?” She asks, looking between the two of us.
    “Oh, I'm fine. Thank you.”
    “I could eat. What about the little man? Have you eaten?” Sammy, talking to her stomach.
    “He knows it’s a girl.”
    “May I ask if you’ve picked out a name?”
Sammy looks to her expectantly at my question.
    “I was thinking about naming her after your mother. Her middle name.”
    “Which one?”
    “Isabella.”
    “I love it. Isabella. Isabella. ‘ISABELLA, COME HERE.’”
    “Why would you yell at her?”
    “Right, ‘Isabella, my love?’ and she’d come stomping her little feet over. So Isabella Martinez? Isabella Elaine Martinez?”
    “She wouldn’t like that, being named after her mother and grandmother.”
    “Help me out, Andre. Isabella Elaine Martinez. Isabella…Sofia Martinez? Isabella Sofia Martinez? Isabella Sofie Jade Martinez? Isabella Sofie Martinez…I don’t know.”
    “This is the first time you two have talked about it”?
    “I was going to wait, but I can't. I’m already too nervous. Isabella Dominique Martinez. This is why I wanted to wait. Isabella Lucile Martinez? It’s too hard. Andre?”
    “Everything you’ve said sounds better and better.”
    “Ok, but help me.”
    “Is there any spaghetti left, Sammy?”
    “Yes, no, sit down. Let me. Isabella…” 
    “Well, while he’s busy with that, what have you been up to?” 
    “Oh, you know. Trying to find a better job. Something where I can work from home so I can spend more time with my own dog instead of walking other’s.”
    “How is Micah?”
    “Obnoxious, crazy. “
    “And how are you?”
    “About the same. How’s the pregnant life treating you?”
    “Well he thinks I'm made of sugar, but I'm fine, just heavier…constipated. Are you still living with the holy man?”
    “Yes. I live there nearly for free, so it kind of balances out.”
    “He said” Elaine, turning toward Sammy’s back, “that the man, when they first met, wanted to take him to Nigeria and build a religion around him. Or how did you say it?”
    “Uhm…well, yeah,-“
    “-Isabella Yamaris?”
    “I met him and he immediately started preaching at me, which was fine, I didn't mind it. But then he saw me in the window at a library, and came in and then started preaching again, and he kept going on about how he was a murderer trying to repent for his sins. So now when he sees the homeless, he thought I was homeless, and women by themselves, he goes up to them and offers to help them. While we are leaving the library, this poor women, who was nearly as pregnant as you are, I’m watching in horror, feigned horror, because he was over intrusive with his approach, but he goes up to her and something is said between them, because I’m, you know, coyly distancing myself incase a scene does break out. But I suppose she denies his help,  he then drives me to go get some Nigerian food, and-”
    “How was it? What did you get?”
    “Jollof Rice. It was the best thing I remember eating. But that little gesture convinces me to exchange emails so that we can meet again. And then we do, and we begin talking about theology. And, honestly, it was more like he was a scholar of theology than a fanatic; like anything and everything, whatever question, about whoever and whatever event that happened in the Bible, he knew intimately. I’m not religious but the Bible obviously has interesting material in it. And as soon as my interest begins to wane, he disappears. But then one time, we were really talking, and he tells me how he’s tired of his wife and daughter, and wishes he never spent time with women so that he could be closer with God, and, I can't believe I told you this story.”
    “You were a little more intoxicated than you are now.”
    “Clearly. But, uh, I told him about, uh, my past, and he basically projected his ideal self onto me, thinking me to be this devout, pure, abstaining man, who was close to God.”
    “You said something about visions?”
    “No, I don't want to get into that. I’ve had too many conversations this week about visions and spooky stuff, I fear I'm starting to sound like a fanatic myself. Anyways, he eventually left his family, offered a room for me, as I was moving out of my parents, and I took it. He tells me that he wants to go to Ghana, or Nigeria, and become, essentially, holy men, but he said it in the way that he would serve me, like it was this unsaid understanding that it was, really he was projecting, but it was this unsaid sentiment that he was going to purify me, or help me become pure, so that I could become a vessel for God.”
    “Your food, love.”
    “Thank you.”
    “Good thing you didn’t go.” Sammy interjects.
    “Right. He disguised it in a way that it would be this holy pilgrimage into the self for God, but to me it appeared that I would be dependent on this religious…man, in a country I didn't know, alone and isolated.”
    “Help us with our play, Elaine. Or, at least, tell us when our ideas are bad. Yamaris? Anyways, but Yamaris sounds good, right? But I was thinking, who could we get to help, actors? And we’ll need customs. Do you still talk to Jessica?” He says, turning to Elaine, watching her watch her hand twirl the spaghetti with her fork. “Ask her if we could borrow her sewing machine. And then what? Do we want to film it? Is this a screenplay or a play? Andre?”
    “I think the main difference is, actually I’m not entirely sure. I think Plays have a different rhythm, they’re more literary works that are translated for performances, while screenplays are more, uh, compositions for visual language, taking into account, I don’t know, cinematography and whatever else. I’m not very familiar.”
    “Just focus on writing first, then worry about the rest. Sammy, some of this is still cold.”
    “No, no, sit down. Let me.”
    “To be honest, Andre, I am scared. I think about my own mother, and how, essentially, she couldn’t let go of my sister and I. How she seemed to be eternally traumatized by the birth-giving. I was talking to my sister about this, she said, how did she put it? She said, ‘Mothers are constantly reliving the violence of childbirth.’ no, it was cleverer than that. She said, ‘Mother’s are constantly traumatized by the birth of their children, so that nearly every interaction of the relationship where the child is growing independent, it unconsciously appears to be betrayal from the Mother’s perspective… Mothers, or at least ours, couldn't entirely separate our ego’s from her own.’ no, I’ve muddled it. Simply, every act, since the very first worldly realization of the relationship is a betrayal and separation of the mother and child, the relationship and its hyperbolic illustration of the bloodily, penetrative spawning of childbirth, is the first act of the child in the life of endless betrayals. Of course there are more women who obviously cope better than our mother but…” Elaine gets up and leaves the kitchen. Sammy sits down in silence and eats the spaghetti. After a minute of him looking at his food, and me watching him eat, expecting Elaine to come back, I figure it’s time for me to leave.
    “I should go. Micah is probably worried.” Without an acknowledgement from Sammy, I grab my coat, close the door behind me and walk downstairs. 
The stair in the hallway is stacked upon another but in a way that it is designed for people much smaller than I am, so I’m descending with my torso tilted to the side, my head bowed, pressing against the wall and my shoulder; and at the bottom, I have to duck lower for the wooden door frame has an even shorter height. Moments later I'm outside, walking through the center of the city. 
The city is designed around a large body of water, where the tallest buildings, the most affluent neighborhoods, by day, give the city its glamor, while by night, the center of the city has the densest population of homeless and violent crime statistics. During the day, you are harassed at stoplights, and intersections, and they can be seen, the unseemly, at the peripherals of all the major tourist locations, begging for means to survive, debasing themselves for people who are both staring at them from a distance and ignoring them, giving obvious berth to avoid touching or interacting with them when they get too close. There was this man that I would see every time I went downtown, he was hardly very old, but made to be old from living outside, the way men shouldn’t.  He’s got this garish reflective jacket, bright yellow where the white parts catch your eye with the sunlight, and he’ll stand in the middle of the very wide parts of the sidewalks, nearest the most popular museum in the city, where you can find paintings and sculptures from nearly any very notable name from the era of modern art spanning to the wears or ornamental swords and tools of the very old and archaic man. The man in yellow, with his curved posture, dark gray facial hair and balding head, with deep yellow teeth, the few that he has, he stands for all to see and he screams, forcing eye contact with anyone who wants to come see art, he screams, “I’m an ugly man, but ugly people need help too. I may be an ugly guy, but I'm still a good guy.” with his hand out, bemoaning for currency.  And he’ll scream it at children or women jogging by, but mostly at tourists because tourists are the unsuspecting pedestrians at the center of our city. When he is done, all but baring his genitalia or defecating in the sunlight, he disappears into an alley and waits for the sun to set. And the closer you are to Metropolis, to Paradise, to Camelot, to the future manifest at the heart of the city, the more often it smells like shit and piss, the more buses pass, exhausting themselves of their black smoke. But there is a river that runs through the city, and there are sculptures larger than most homes. And the people, who are downtown, are the most beautiful people you will see in the city, or rather you are to see more beautiful women, more often, the closer you are to Utopia. And the buildings are made with more glass than steel, so in the light, without the emerald tint, it does not look dissimilar to Oz.
In the spring with an overcast sky, the city is mostly white until, as it is now, the sun begins to set. The white flowers on the trees beginning to bloom or fade, the dark red flowers on other trees that grow pinker the closer you look, the rows of tulips, the rows of irises, the narcissus and the rose, and the small purple flowers found near the yellow weeds in unkempt but picturesque grass; the world on my walk home becomes more green in a way that it appears that the green pigment has dispersed in the space between the trees and the air, the air and the cars, the strangers in the throng of their lives and me. It reminds me of the sensation of my eyes trying to keep up with the changing light levels or adjusting to the sudden dark; I am the somnambulist too afraid to sleep. I make it to the train that runs throughout the city like capillaries, and head home.

Chapter 

Watching Micah run through the grass, some of it he’s barely taller than. I had to wait until it stopped raining, so by the time I walked him, the sun had set but because of the persistent rain clouds, the light still lingers in the sky and the grass is damp. I make an effort, each walk, to walk nearly two kilometers, this way we both stay in shape. I took him to a less frequented park, but nearly just as close. The park is separated into two features: half of the park has fir trees and long pathways, fields of grass that have trees enclosing it on either side, winding walking paths that grow confused in the distance, I there is a zoo that I haven’t seen animals in since I’ve lived in the area, only small children, and nearby it has a playground made of wood, and tennis courts; near the tennis courts there is a small enclosure of rose bushes that bloom during the spring, and fade to monochromatic green later in the summer, die in the winter but the rosebush’s bloom is replaced by stone tiles and green clovers frozen in the frost; the other half of the park is a bog. There are two very large trees that seem to be the epicenter of the habitat. The grass in the bog is becomes dense with animals and as tall as I am the further you walk towards the center, approaching the trees; and all around the trees are is green with nameless and numerous flower petals, all enclosed in a gate with a sign that designates the area for wildlife and rare flowers. I’m staring at the water, not into it but at its changing surface moving in the wind, moving with the signs of life beneath while Micah stands guard behind me. By the time I look up again, I see that the sky has grown an unfriendly shade of delicate purple and is blackening as I stare: it’s going to rain. I walk the long way around the bog, passing by other people walking their dogs, women sitting alone, and people getting home from work. 
I think about women all the time, they make everything worth it. If I want to kill myself, or if I am feeling uninspired, or just generally depressed, watching them, even for a moment, going about their day, or listening to them talk, or talking with them, and when I’m particularly lucky, being in the darkness with them, my problems don’t seem less trivial but I feel more dramatic; I feel as though I’ve been overly dramatic in my perspective and the world seems more significant, and my life becomes one of many. 
We are living exactly how past generations perceived we would live; there are flying modes of transportation, near instantaneous food, instantaneous entertainment, holograms, artificial intelligence, synthetic organs, laser based technology and an increasing interface with man and machine; and despite all of that, women seem to have remained in the same place. Reading some Dostoevsky book, and they mention, “The Women Question” frequently, and this was written hundreds of years ago, and I just fear that nothing will change except the. Things will get better and fall to ruin and regression, hundreds of years of progress decimated in a series of votes. What am I supposed to do? Become a vigilante, run around in the near dark, committing petty crimes? I’m turning thirty in a few months. Vote, just to have my vote made undone or proven insignificant? Help women sneak across borders? Help smuggle drugs for women? Protest? Adopt a kid? Hasn’t all that shit been done before? Even if I do everything, everything: I adopt two kids that I can't afford to feed to help with the growing instability of the unhoused population of children, to decrease infant mortality and the need for it; or I donate the little money I have to women’s shelters, or volunteer at women’s shelters; or get a vasectomy to reduce the possibility of trauma inflicted on a woman. It seems to me, the only thing to do is to commit very violent crimes. I don’t see any other solution. I don’t. Everything feels futil, everything is; until I wake up the next day, today, and see the most alluring women I've seen up to this point in my life, making the red flowers and green grass, despite the obvious color palette in the night, never before fully appreciated.

Chapter

Where you can hardly see the depth through the dense trees, where the earth becomes tedious, like a trek, for the rolling hills and encumbered under bushes; the lanterns are on, marking the path that I am walking at night in the park. I decided to go for something to eat but the closest store was closed, despite its advertising. The orange lanterns in the distance, where it’s too dark to see the pillars, look like will-o-the-wisp, and under a winking light I notice a man who has already noticed me, watching me approach unknowingly: Marcus. When he notices my recognition he smiles, and I smile and look down, not wanting to betray eagerness or the fact that I'm happy to see him.

    “Happy to see me?”
    “What are you doing standing in the park at night?”
    “I’ve been practicing vampirism. Thought I saw you the other day. How are you managing?”
    “I’m al'right. Tired. Which way were you walking?”
    “I’ve walked enough tonight, let’s sit over there.”, He says, gesturing to the darker area of the hill, where the trees and brambles are thicker, while the other face on the other side is an idyllic passage with a twin wooden stair with steps that are spaced in a way that encourages running, with rails to hold in either hand and a well made weather-proof roof sloped over, that lead to the apex of the hill. But on this side lies the underbelly of the hill, with broken glass bottles and little pieces of trash combined into the grass around the trees. We are walking in silence away from the path, through this expanse of green plain, a flat field that kids play in, that I take my dog to run free when the park is abandoned, as it is now. Marcus sits down, positioning himself so that he is still on the slope of the hill and I sit beside him.
    “You said you saw me, where?” I recline next to him, enjoying the cool grass despite its freshly cut edges, with a layer of drying grass lain dead atop of it.
    “Maybe it was you.  You were alone but you seemed preoccupied.”
    “Yeah… I usually am.”
    “You see that tree over there. Well, it's really two trees, but you see where…I came here a few nights ago. I was upset and planned to sleep here, or to stay here and watch the sunrise, but I felt like I was being watched. So after minutes and minutes of me sitting here, thinking over and over, trying to calm myself down, I start looking around and my gaze just stops between those two trees, and then I'm staring at this one tree, that one there. And then I see what I know to be movement, but movement to hide better behind the tree, to conceal oneself; the shadow of the tree becomes less apparent and it slightly moves. I’m here alone, and it’s later than it is now. I was just about to fall asleep, and then I realize I’m being watched. Do you understand? So I’m staring, trying to convince myself that I am exhausted, because the shadow moves imperceptibly, purposefully imperceptibly. And then it moves again. And now I know someone is standing over there watching me from behind the tree, and they know that I've noticed them, obviously, because I'm staring. This is the time to announce yourself, or to leave once you’ve been spotted, or for me to leave, but I don’t. I'm running through possibilities and taking inventory. I’ve got nothing to arm myself with, and a knife wouldn’t do very much if whoever is hiding has a pistol. I haven’t slept, and I haven't prepared to fight for my life. The best thing to do, this is what I’m thinking at the time, was to stay where I was, and watch whoever approaches, because they would have to come from behind the tree and show obvious intent that they are coming after me. Even at a sprint it would take twenty seconds to cross the field from that position. I’m thinking my best bet is to fight him behind us, because neither of us would have good footing because of the slope and the roots and the trees every half meter, and the glass conveying where you are in the dark. And maybe I would find something jagged if they did decide to close the distance. But if they came over here, to rob me at gunpoint, then grabbing something would be fatal, right? So I sit and watch. I’m not scared, in the moment, I'm more mad at myself that I left my house so angry, forgetting to bring anything to defend myself with. And then I'm upset again, because I didn’t see this man, or whoever is lurking in the shadow of that tree, and they would have watched me fall asleep… I came here, I walked along the path just as you did, and then I turned and crossed this field, and I sat, trying to calm down, while they were already there…”
    “Did you get robbed?”
    “It was a couple having sex, or maybe they were trying to until they saw a man coming out of the darkness, sitting alone in a field and talking to himself and then he began staring at them, even though they were hidden.”
    “Hm. That's funny. I was walking past a man today, and he was talking to someone as he stood next to the open passenger door, so his back is to me. I’m crossing the street because the car is parked in front of my house and he mumbles something to me, in the dark, something like, ‘Make a noise if you are going to walk past me’, something inconsequential like that. You and him scare easily in the dark.”
    “Can I tell another story? A few years ago I was walking near the lake, and I was convinced I ran into a private ritual taking place. I was walking through the sand toward this ridge of rocks, where beyond the rocks is a place that is separated, so you are enclosed by stones on either side and all before you is the lake once you’ve climbed over. I’m approaching the cliff, and I hear something like, ‘He’s getting closer…’ and it’s a bunch of people who’ve already seen me and have been watching me, waiting for me to make the mistake. So I turn back, I walk back over the dunes of sand, away from the lake, uninterested in any further partaking of bodies of water. It’s time to go home. I’ve got a knife with me at this point. By the time I'm halfway across the beach, heading home, I can tell they’ve started following me.
    “You have to understand that people go missing in this city everyday, people get stabbed or shot, and they die and they are forgotten. This is the same lakefront that all those shootings took place in broad daylight at point blank. So I’m thinking, there’s nothing to be scared of, I didn’t see anything, I’m not going to say anything about the nonexistent things that I saw. What does it matter to me if you are doing the very worst thing you could do? I don’t turn around, nor run, because then you are prey. But they have been following me across the street, and down the sidewalk, and through areas that are very populated during the day, but now, at 1 AM, are deserted. They’re making taunts, trying to get me to turn around and stop, and engage with them; do something foolish. They’re looking for a reason, maybe they’ve been lying in wait for Someone and I'm Someone. Or maybe they think I saw something I shouldn’t, and they are waiting for me to run so they are trying to scare me, so they can chase me. Eventually I realize they are intent on following me back home, to see where I live, where I sleep. So I start walking down alleys, trying to disappear, trying to become invisible, turning corners, distancing myself, and each corner I turn, I fucking run to the next turn, and disappear around that corner, so that only if they started running when I left their line of sight, will they have been able to tell which direction I went, where I turned in the many outlets, where, and if I went into, which building. I had been heading away from the lake, I’m trying to trick them, trying to become indistinguishable in the dark, so I started leading them away from where I live and then started heading back around toward the lake nearly a kilometer away, but they kept running after me, too. 
    “And eventually I’ve got a few blocks between us, and I’m sprinting, I mean sprinting, through the dark, trying not to go missing, and I look to my left, two blocks down, coming into the same alley that I was running past, a figure, all black and they’ve seen me, and now they know I’m running and which direction. They know I've been trying to trick them. They know I’m scared. Eventually I go into this unfamiliar alley, that I still haven't been able to find to this day in the daylight or during the night, and I jump into someone’s backyard…right before that, I’m behind this car, and they’re coming up the alley, and I hear one say, ‘I just saw him run this way. Look under the cars.’. As they get closer, they keep thinking the next car parked in the alley is the one I’m hiding behind, or under, and their voices are getting closer, and I can hear the things they are planning to do to me but curiously their voices don’t change in pitch, their laughing sounds just as near, too near, but… it’s this purgatory of them getting closer and me being a moment away from being discovered. Eventually I jumped a fence, and I am in someone’s backyard. I see a pile of bricks, stones in the dirt, gardening tools, and I decide then, at that moment, that the first person I see I’m going to use this brick to cave their head in. Or I'm going to start throwing bricks at the group when they’ve found me. I’ve been running too long, I've been running. And now it’s time to fight for my life, because they are obviously intent on finding me. Their voices don’t go away, so I stand up with two bricks, one in either hand, so that they can see and approach me, and I start walking home. I want this to be over; from their conversation it sounded like they wanted to embarrass me, to humiliate me, to hurt me, to lynch me. Essentially. Shit happens, and suddenly one person of the group has gone too far, trying to be too funny, or they get offended for whatever reason, or they want to impress the women they are with, and there is no better impression than seeing how another man will beg for his life at your feet. I didn’t want my fate in the hands of any given personality that found me, to be subjected, so I take these bricks with me, and I begin looking for my bag that I stashed. I was running, and the bag was slowing me down, so I hid it in this bush in front of a building, thinking I could hide because of its curvature in a way that the closer you get to the door, you leave the line of sight from either side of the sidewalk; you know I’m thinking about the bushes, but after dropping my bag off, I realize how easily I would be found so I tried to disappear again. I find the bag eventually, and carry bricks with it. But before, when I stood up, they said, ‘Why does he have bricks in his hand?’ and eventually I have to leave this yard because if someone sees me crouching in their yard, there are only so many things I can tell the police. So it’s either the police or the gang that’s been chasing me, and maybe the gang doesn’t have guns. I go around, out of the alley onto the street and see a group of women walking toward me, snickering, or whispering. And it sounds like the same group of girls, there are three of them, that was with the men that were chasing me and laughing at me when they were searching cars in the alley, trying to catch me and hurt me for their entertainment. I’ve got these bricks in my hand, and we are walking in opposite directions on the sidewalk, and they're getting closer. These women would have been happily entertained watching me be humiliated for a moment's laugh, for ego, so in my mind they’re the enemy too. I’ve got these bricks and I'm getting closer to them, too. The only thought going through my head is the same thought that I had been having: ‘The first person I see, I’m going to use this brick to open their skull.’’’ 
Marcus stops and looks to me in the darkness, trying to gauge my silence and my expression, but I can hardly see his own face, and I doubt he is faring any better this far from any light source. 
    “I talk too much. The point of the story is what I saw in the alley running after me, two blocks down. It was a silhouette of a man, but everything else was well lit, the dark blue garbage bin, the pools of water in the filthy alley, the brick walls reflecting the light, and I could see beyond him, I remember it all; the city is well lit at night, and he had no features, or I’ve repressed them. And that’s what I thought I was seeing when that couple was having sex over there. I wasn’t scared, I thought I was being hunted.”
    “I was walking through this park at night, I think, maybe, a few days ago, and out of the corner of my eye I see a bunny hesitate. Rabbits usually don’t let you get too close around here, or if they are in what they perceive to be a shadow, they won’t move. Or maybe they will. Anyways, this one moves after I’ve gotten too close for its comfort apparently, and I look at it, and it's a mother guarding her five young bunnies. The mother runs away, abandoning her children, because: better them than her. So I approach the little ones and they run right up to me, but wise enough to not get too close; at the last moment, evading my hand. I spend a little time trying to corral them back toward the mother, one runs to her immediately, across the pavement and then through the grass into the dark to my right, so then I focus on the four remaining in front of me. I’m a little further from here, more northwest, and I’ve just crossed the street into the park. One of the young bunnies, trying to distance itself from me, runs the wrong way toward traffic but it stops before going too far from the nest, but this scares me so I…stop trying to, I don’t know, I suppose I was trying to touch them and play with them, they were so small. I mean, how often …but I… I stop and search for something to create a makeshift guard, or barrier, to prevent them from venturing… toward death. They’re so small that even if you were looking for them and knew where to find them, you could easily miss them, so I’m watching all my footfalls, combing the blades of grass with my eyes in the dark. Eventually, I figure I’m doing more harm than good, all my efforts to get them back with their mother only scare them so I leave and go about my business. I was getting groceries and I make an effort to go through the forest on the other side of the park, or all the way around the park, if I have time. As I’m leaving, I have this nasty thought, ‘Could I kill one of those bunnies?’. Seeing how trusting they were, running up to me, and feeling how soft and insignificant they were, I immediately distance myself from this thought, but the visual has already borne itself in my mind: I’ve got one in my palm, and from the neck down, I’m pulling my blade, dragging its fur apart, letting the little content that it has spill into my hand and down my jacket sleeve. Or, I think, ‘Maybe I’d crush one’, and feel its terrible struggle, or bite, as it did everything it could to stave off the inevitable, to do the impossible, to escape. These images flash instantly and I keep walking. 
    “On my way home, back from the store, I go out of my way again, and the whole way back through the forest I’m watching my footfalls… I remember, when I originally left the bunnies, who were maybe a day or two old, I saw a man walking, preoccupied, and I wanted to rush to him, tell him to watch where he was walking because there was a nest of small rabbits nearby, but I don’t. Obviously they’ve managed well enough without me. So on the way back I'm anticipating, looking for the stick that I placed as a guard so that they couldn’t run into the street and eventually I find it. This time, as I'm approaching it, slower, and more careful, I see two little black eyes, paralyzed, staring at me; they are so small, they’re so small I doubt what I'm looking at. I get closer, and that rabbit flees toward its mother, who hasn’t returned for her young, and underneath him, a smaller, sleeping bunny is resting. I reach for him, and he ends up dying. He runs into the street.”
    “Poor rabbit.” 
    “I’m saying, I believe you. You saw this black man, who you think has been haunting you. And sometimes, I have these premonitions that come true, as a technicality, but not exactly as I see them. I saw myself killing one of the rabbits, and I put a stick to guard it from running into the street, but it just ran around the stick, and because of me, the bunny is dead.
    “ I feel, like, you are the only one who would hear that story and tell me I’m not guilty, who can see the significance of what I’m trying to say, but can’t explicitly articulate without sounding stupid, or hopeful, or desiring to be special, or making false claims of, um…”
    “I understand you.”
    “But, wait, the worst part is that, or rather, the other part is that: even I see that it was just a coincidence. I’m, like, trying to justify that the bunnies' death wasn't my fault or that I caused it by interacting with it so it’s a fulfilled prophecy, or whatever scientific hocus-pocus word to explain reality away. Sometimes, like, for a moment, one moment and then the rest of my life I’m perfectly fine but in that moment, that maybe will last a few seconds, I feel like I’ve been wasting my whole fucking life and I’ve been living in denial. Like, you know…am I talking too much? What’s the time?”
    “No, you are fine. I’m listening.”
    “Do you have the time?”
    “I don’t have my phone with me.”
    “Anyways, uh, sorry, I feel, even now, incredibly aware of what I’m saying and how I sound, and now I feel like I’m trying to convince the both of us the significance of what I said and I ultimately feel like I’m lying, and lying to myself. I can't determine, or I secretly don’t want to determine, if I am lying to myself, because what would that mean? That I'm running from reality? Because the simplest explanation is this: I'm twenty nine, and I am…I have a questionable hold on reality. It’s like I’m staring at this movie, and in the movie theater, everything is very, very dark, and the screen, I don’t know, it’s Julia Andrews and she’s running through the hills, and I’m enraptured and convinced but in the theater, nearby where I’m sitting, there’s a man staring at me, just out of my peripheral, but every time I look over at him, his face is facing the screen like everyone else, and only when I’ve been enchanted by the movie again, do I start to see his double.”
    “I overheard a conversation, where these two women were talking about the Devil. You know, you are getting coffee and suddenly you start to hear, ‘What do you see in your mind when you think about the Devil, what does he look like?’ and the other woman says, ‘A man in the distance, sadistically watching something bad happen to you, that you only notice when it’s too late.’”

Chapter

It’s been raining all day and Micah hates getting wet so I haven't walked him, nor have I bathed and been outside. I’ve been getting increasingly tired of eating, and having to eat everyday and think about my diet, and chastising myself for not working out consistently. I just want to go back to sleep, so I do, with Micah, mimicking my need for blankets despite his abundance of hair, sleeping next to me. 

Chapter

The next day, I'm up just before sunrise, the sky looks further away, the sun nearly unseen while the clouds and the blue are beginning to come from heaven. At this time, the world has its doppelganger when the sun is leaving; despite the similar shades of blue, with their many names, and the night blossoming instead of withering above us, the world is entirely different. In the morning, even if you’ve stayed up all night, the moments between cobalt and phlatho, before ultramarine and violet, when the sky and the periwinkle exchange values and grow paler until the sun, God and his trumpets and choir, deliver the light unto the world; mornings, despite their casual miracles, remind me of dread. While, right before night, and the encroaching possibility of death, the time where animals populate the streets of Man more than we do, when some of us begin to question whether it’s worth going outside because of the sound of gun fire or cries of lone women, to me, the night and the invisibility it grants me, are my favorite part of the day.
I’m supposed to meet Marcus again tomorrow, but before then, I'm going to do some writing if I can find time after my full schedule of dog walking. I need to find a new job, so that I can meet new people, spend less days with only my dog to look forward to. A new job spells a new salary, and that can bring me to another city and another life, and maybe I can meet a woman who will take my name, or maybe not and that would be fine too. Or all together, Micah and I could leave the country for another, because what’s left for me here? Isolation with pockets of ecstasy, friends I hardly talk to, family I don't speak to.
I went to school, just to leave the city where I was born, to distance myself from my family. My family. Family: We share blood, general aesthetics, hereditary, predispositions; we share so much, or we share so few but the few things are nearly the composite of the vessel; but everyone in my family has their own soul. Everyone in my family has their own ego, and the shared names are a pretense that none of us really believe in; we are deeply familiar with one another, or we were so many years ago, but even at a young age I saw this sense of antithesis, where all of us would rather be poor and alone, then the possibility of helping another and then suffering the humiliation of being poor in someone else’s shadow. 

On my walk with Micah, we sit where Marcus and I sat together before. The leash is never long enough for him, there is always something just beyond the length that is the most interesting thing to experience with his senses, to smell, or eat if he can. He has so much honor, like most of the animals that I take care of, he can take a shit in broad daylight in the middle of the park, and trot haughtily with feces in his fur for anyone and all to see: honorable. Out of the forest comes a woman I had seen from the distance on the other end of the park, and I hoped then that I had a chance to speak with her, and now she, as I have, circumvented the park and we have met. Her dog is just smaller than my own and diametrically opposite it in color. She tells me he has heart problems, and the dog has a name but I am more interested in her’s, and her. We walk slowly together, just talking, as I love to do with women. She waits in anticipation for me to repeat myself because my voice is too low for her to hear; I suppose I spend more time talking to myself than to other people. We decide to meet again at a later date, exchanging numbers and smiles and I watch her walk away for the second time, feeling luckier than the first.
Micah and I are nearly home, and in the distance a man is standing under a canopy of green and blue leaves, in the lee of a group of trees. My neighborhood is really a gentle extension of the parks and their denser collection of trees so in any direction the very depth is lost in green during the day, and lost in time; it takes so many moments to find yourself in a new part of the neighborhood that was veiled through a thicket of leaves and bushes and shrubbery, and the idiosyncratic gardens of neighbors with overly large and sculpted small trees, various populations of strange flowers, or pockets of protected habitat so that bees can pollinate with minimum disturbance. The man under the canopy of trees looks like a neighbor I avoid, the neighbor who likes to practice karate outside my building’s door, who wears too much fucking perfume as men do, and is rude to his wife in public. But then a small dog runs to the man's side, a twin of the one with heart problems, and as we approach I can recognize by his voice and friendly tone that he is another man instead, a cheerful friend of my dog, and whose dog is eager to be friends with Micah. Sometimes this man and I talk about the weather, as strangers who are friendly do, but the weather around here is genuinely interesting, so it’s never a feigned or forced conversation. Other times, like now, we are talking about how his dog, Gizmo, has just gotten his hair cut and I remark how Micah doesn’t need his haircut, that after his bath he’s practically a brand new dog and he’s ready for life. He mentions a common phenomena that others with small dogs in the neighborhood must experience: the two bullies nearby, two poodles where one is white and the other is beige or almost brown, who bark and frighten Micah in the dark. We laugh, and as he is walking away, back in the direction he came, the two poodles pass before both of us. 

    “I was watching this movie from my childhood and its sequel. Honestly, still immensely enjoyable.”
    “Which movie?” 
We are walking back from the store, across a major lane of traffic from a forest preserve. This park, at night, from the outside, is nearly black and very foreboding, and during the day, fawns and deer are rarely seen. There is a lake, a small path that is only found because it’s well worn through the grass and earth; the path goes along the lake from the far side of the forest that slopes away from the rim of the water, through the woods and grass that a man can hide in. On the other side, there are deep divots and clefs in the earth that break off and form cliffs of a few meters in height, or inclinations that one can nearly lose their footing if they aren’t moving fast enough and untangling their feet from plant matter that lies below during the warmer weather.   
During the winter, I came her alone a few times, to be alone, because even in the dense city and despite the fact that this forest is off one of the main lanes of traffic that course through the city and its neighboring towns, bringing buses and pedestrian traffic as well as the occasional car accident, this little forest can be almost quiet, quiet enough where animals can raise their young, live their whole lives with minimal interaction with Man, explore, mate and fade. During the winter skeleton of the park, the exhumed rib cage where the sternum has been broken into and destroyed so the hard, dirty and yellow and white protrusions peer through the shallow burial site. But now, even in the dark, one can’t help appreciate the shapes of the plants, the height of the overgrown life, the fertility.
    “I’m too embarrassed to say. Do you want to go further that way or sit by the lake?”
    “It’s darker over there, so…” I say, vaguely gesturing toward the discordant rows of trees and away from the city and its light. He’s walking behind me so I’m conscious of my posture, conscious of my animation and strength, to appear that I am undaunted and agile enough and well of mind to avoid rolling my ankle in the dark, or to have the earth break beneath me, causing me to fall momentarily level with the low, bulbous plant biosphere. There are parts where, with the dignity of an animal, Marcus grabs the earth with his hands to pull himself and balance as he descends over fallen trees and up walls of greenery where a proud man would look foolish, upright, and ultimately would fail to climb, as I did. We are lower than the depth of the large pond so that our voices are immediately bled into the dirt that walls around us like a basin with budding trees.  We are hidden from the city and other people, who even if they were meters away would be desperate in hearing our conversation.
    “How’s work been for you?” I ask, breaking the silence.
    “I’ve been looking for another job. I don’t know.” After a moment of pacing before me, he comes to my side and sits in a groove, underneath a large tree where the roots and the earth are bare because the surrounding soil has fallen away from the slope.    
    “What kind of music do you listen to?”
    “Um, anything really. I'll listen to Steve Reich for hours and then I’ll listen to the same few rap songs. Or I'll try to get into whatever was so interesting with punk music, and there are gems, I suppose, but it feels… have you heard Road Runner? It’s this…it reminds me of rap a little, or at least the modern lamenting about the state of rap and people improvising, and music being better off from, uh, this sporadic moment of inspiration. But really it’s just repetition, eventually after writing or thinking about lyrics all day, of course you are able to, or if you have been listening to lyrics all day, you can, in a moment, create a verse.”
    “Road Runner being the name of an album?”
    “A song title. And there was a bit, when I could listen to jazz, or like ‘Sketches of Spain’, or the other prominent album by Davis, I forget the name. It’s something like ‘Blue…perfect blue?...feeling blue?’ Something in that sense. It’s not trite. Or…I don’t know, I really like the sound of guitars and that moment where a note is held. Electric guitars.”
    “I’ve been going through scores of classic movies, where the composer would really lean into the ‘Greatness’ thing; going for gold, and achieving it. Ambition realized. You know that scene in Vertigo, and without it, the score, the scene is cut in half. ‘For the sky will split in half…’”
    “I haven’t seen that one, it's on my list though. I watched Psycho with an ex, and she was unamused. But me, I was completely blown away. They kill the protagonist instantly, and then the ending, with the mother; and the skeleton. I’m not surprised that people fainted in the theaters because of it.”
    “Really? I suppose it was during that time in history. Like The Exorcist?”
    “I mean, I was just saying, people…I mean, maybe? I’m unsure, I wouldn't be surprised. Or at least a scream. Any favorite movies?”
    “Barry Lyndon, Andrei Rublev, Austin Powers Trilogy, Black Cat…Have you seen the original Alice in Wonderland, I was meaning to talk to you about it. It’s, like, a few minutes long and I watch it every few years, when I've forgotten its power. It was made decades and decades ago, probably more than a century, at least, so it seems; the movie is really a seamless but staccato mesh of photos, so when the Cheshire Cat comes on screen and then becomes invisible, it’s only hinted at. Or not hinted at, it’s dubious, and it has that uncanny nature to it, where if something were to happen like that in real life you would chalk it up to a dream, or psychosis, or drug induced hallucination, or doubtful memory. Whereas in the more recent retellings of ‘Through the Looking Glass’ trade all the unsettling undertones of horror and alarm for the overt and bombastic, while the original can be an eye-sore, the costumes of the twins for instance. They’re like putrid and near human, and it… well my point is that these modern movies are too unimaginative with the magic element of the story, and they present magic as this scientific phenomena where there are subjective views all witnessing this objective truth and it looks overly cartoonish because they’re trying desperately to amaze the audience. And magic isn’t that at all, by definition. Or miracles. I’ve been thinking that there is no way people don’t believe in magic, and besides the ones that truly don’t, the rest are more concerned with not looking crazy because of their positions in society, or their relations with people they rely on, or the fear of being put into a room where you have less power but all the same faculties and the rooms get smaller while you know the truth: Djinni. And the others who don’t believe in magic, even in their private lives, to themselves, after witnessing too many coincidences, or foregone coincidences, even the unexplainable things, the tragic nature of life and her black gifts, and the eternal modern question of ‘Why me?’ and its presupposition of another answering them, in a way that only God can: truthfully.” 
    “I think it's a little of that and probably a lot of people not wanting to risk their name being dragged through the mud. You don’t want to be known as the person who believes ghost stories at thirty eight. Or the son of the overly fanatic Christian women. You don’t want to be, with gray in your hair, afraid of the dark in front of your co-workers.”
    “Even though everyone is afraid in the dark.”
    “Everyone. I mean, why else do people, why else does Man build their entire society around the sun and gravitate to cities where there are other people and sources of light at night?”
    “I used to visit my family, in the south, and at night its dark. You know, God forbid, you get lost driving somewhere you are not familiar with. I remember being so young, in the car with my family, and we are driving over thick roots, and up these dirt mounds, and violently slamming into these depressions in the earth, and the lights are only showing us trees just beyond the car, just in front of us, and this is the right direction, this is how we get to grandma’s house, and how people get in and out of this area. We pull over, because we’re lost, and ask a man who is just coming out of the black, unseen by everyone in the car until the driver starts talking and I look to see who he’s speaking to. And the guy, who lives like this, is like, ‘Yeah, you are going the right direction, just keeping driving into the blackest night, and don’t drive too fast because the trees are practically moving they come up so suddenly’ and-”
    “-He didn’t say that.”
    “No, but that was kind of the sentiment. I remember a real strong accent, and the realization that this man walking alone at night, in the darkness my eyes can’t adjust to, was closely related to us.” 
Over the ridge, above and behind us, I hear my name, or a perfect approximation in the distance, that to me could have only been my name in its vague, destroyed form as it traveled through the trees and foliage and then down to us.
    “And then'' Marcus continues, “ when we finally get there, her house is in the middle of this lot of land, where there is sand, and way out in front of her house there’s a lone basketball net, maybe a car further down, and there being nothing else man-made as far as I could see and further than I was willing to walk. My sister or my cousin, probably my cousin, wanted to go to the store, but for them, it was kilometers away, but the way it felt, the way it appeared was, essentially, a swim out to sea, over the horizon of trees. I may have gone, I was really young, but I remember being too scared, that’s how remote it was. I’m thinking in my mind as a child, ‘Where are you going?’ or ‘Why aren’t we driving instead?’ because it was so far and unknown and desolate, but it was just because of how overly rural some parts of the area were. I think a lot about her, my grandma. She was kind of this woman, and I was too young to really bond with her, but I remember her gaze and her looking at me, and as I’m talking now I can see her, the way she would look through me and feeling this alien sensation that as an adult I now understand: ‘This child is my offspring’; but more archaic, with more intimacy that only women who’ve had children that have children can appreciate. I remember the way she looked at me and wanting to not be alone with her. I think I was strangely scared of her. But she was beautiful, with long white hair, and very kind. I don’t remember any kindness, but I remember feeling safe with her too, safe at her house; with the shotgun behind the front door, and indigenous artifacts around the house. And being in the basement watching horror movies, or being unable to watch horror movies out of fear or uninterest, or this remote feeling of revulsion and terror that children have when looking at something they don’t quite understand but the music is scary, and the images are supposed to be scary, and your big brother tells you this is a horror movie, and your sister and brother love horror movies, and you are old enough to know that if you watch this, if you linger on the screen too long, you’ll get nightmares. Watching horror movies back then was like being in a room with someone, a couple, and they are fighting, not at first, because it’s the three of you, but then their voices get too loud and despite you being there, the man slaps the women. And because you haven’t said anything, he continues to beat her, slowly at first, and then with more prominence, and even though you aren’t looking at it, you hear her moaning, and you hear the sound of flesh coming together, and when you finally do look her face it’s slick with red, with a terrible looking nose and a ruptured, dark purple eye, and she’s looking to you, just for a moment before she flinches, and you’ve made eye contact with one of them, with her as she’s… and…or at least that’s how Texas Chainsaw Massacre was, I remember being really young, not at my grandmas, or maybe it was, or another memory from the other side of my family, where everyone looks different and the same, and I remember falling asleep waiting for the movie to scare me, and just seeing this uncertain violence going on, and being more confused than horrified, and when I finally would look, it would be this overly close and cropped shot of a bunch of, I don’t know, I haven’t seen the movie in a few years, but you understand-”
    “Sure.”
    “Gore. And screaming. I’m falling asleep as my siblings are watching it, as my cousins are watching it, they’re all bunched up together, hugging each other, anticipating the blade like they're in the movie running from Leatherface, and I look over at them, and between them and the screen are more younger cousins on the floor watching the movie, and I’m reclining in this chair, what are those old chairs called, grandpa chairs? They're really soft and comfortable, easy to fall asleep in them, I forget. But anyways I fell asleep.”
    “I think I finally decided to watch that movie recently. All the good ones, or apparently good; Jaws, like you mentioned, the original 60’s zombie movies, and one takes place in a mall or something. Texas Chainsaw was, I think, like Deliverance where people from the area were extremely upset about how they were portrayed: incestual, violent cannibal rapist, murderers, all the worst names you could be called.”
    “Those are the worst? I think people would rather be known for incest than rape. And cannibal has this allure to it, while murderer, or even child murderer is blacker, worse. Man-Slaughterer sounds worse, yet, than Murderer. There’s something about accidents that make the same crime worse, or unnatural. What’s the blackest name?”
    “You don’t know? You say it all the time?”
    “What?”
    “The Devil.”
    “I mean, sure, but that’s kind of a…that’s more akin to the boogey-man than anything very serious.”
    “Have you seen Candyman?”
    “No, I've been meaning to. But, maybe his other aliases; like Liar. Being known as a liar is the worst, I think, if you are involved in society. It’s the first thing you are taught as a child, and the worst story commonly told is how the liar is eaten alive, the poor child, paranoid and mischievous, is torn apart by the wolves. Liar. What else? In The Divine Comedy the lowest parts of Hell are resolved for sorcerers and betrayers. Flatterers. No wait, betrayers are last. But in one circle, one can be found there if he is: Seducer, Flatter, Sorcerer... That’s kind of how the bible is, when I read it. There’s this undercurrent of truth, hidden in the parable. It’ll read something like, ‘If you go into this room, you’ll find: the Beast, the Antichrist, Wrath of God, Samael, Lucifer, Dragon, Hades, Death, the Liar, the Adversary, and Moloch. And then Satan.’ And you go into the room, and it’s just one man, sitting in the corner. Anyways, or, like, how some names are slave names, lineage of slaves. Or how the word ‘Slave’ comes from the word ‘Slavic’. And how people who were slaves were called ‘Souls’, and sole individuals were in the possession of many souls. Do you follow me or have I been drinking too much?”
    “You are talking about double talk, right?”
    “I’m talking about, I suppose, Babel.”. Marcus gets up and walks further, closer to and then behind some trees, bends and starts moving something in the dirt, unbedding rocks or digging for roots. He stands for a moment, and in the dark I think he’s reaching for something in his pocket, perhaps to bury something, but then he squats and begins grunting. A moment later, he comes back, pours the alcohol over his hands and sits back down next to me, probably smiling to himself in the dark. “I feel as if we understand each other.”
    “I feel the same.”
    “I’ve been thinking about your bunnies, the ones you killed, and your vision of doing so. I've been thinking about my silhouette that was haunting me. I think, ultimately, because no one else experienced them, we can never be sure of their legitimacy, so to keep ourselves from insanity, and contemplating, and being these old men in forty years obsessed with absurd, trivial things and, because they’ve built this monologue and elaborate system of perfectly explainable but now obscured and esoteric in origin, events; to keep us from insanity we should…”
    “Stop?”
    “I was going to say, ‘Work together’. You don’t go looking for the Holy Grail by yourself, you take with you: Templar Knights and horses, sooth-sayers and seers, holy men and hopefully God himself. We don’t have any of that, but if we share the burden of reality, then we can probably succeed in at least determining if we have stepped into some hocus-pocus bullshit or something a little more interesting.”

Book II

Chapter

    “What color’s that?”
    “It’s a matte, blood red.”
    “It’s nice. You don’t want ‘Old lady’ red. I like it, it’s not too orange. Kind of reminds me of… cherries. Or plums? Have you eaten?”
    “I was just about to make some dinner; what were you interested in?”
    “Oh, you know me. Nothing too spicy.”
    “I’ve been thinking about making coconut cookies recently. I’ve been buying them from the store and the ingredients aren’t very different from the peanut butter cookies I made. I just need coconut flakes. Where can I get those, do you know?”
    “How do you manage to stay in shape? All you eat are cookies. That’s all you eat.”
    “I could make meatballs in the oven, and then we could add those to the leftover spaghetti?”
    “I thought you were shying away from meat?”
    “I am. I meant for you, plus I'm not in the mood for anymore spaghetti.”
    “Well, that sounds fine. Can you pour me another glass? No, there’s no more in the cabinet, so go downstairs and bring up a few bottles.”
    “You need anything before I go?”
    “I’m al'right, I’ll be here.”
The wood feels cool against the soles of my feet because the fireplace hearth and its warmth can only be appreciated when you are sitting right in front of it, prodding at the flame with the dark gray iron stoke, trying to pivot the log so that its underbelly begins to burn. Most of the house is dark, with long corridors full of symmetry and wooden archways, faint pink, pale painted walls. At the end of the first corridor that leads away from the living room, there is a bathroom to the left of a wide and tall wall of glass interlaced with beams of wood, so that during the day the house in this area is well lit. I turn into the bathroom for no other reason but to stare at my reflection, I don’t do this consciously at first, I think, “Maybe I need to use the bathroom,” and I do, but then once I’m in front of the mirror, a wide arch seeing glass with delicate painted metal along its brim, darkly etched with floral patterns; once in front of the mirror, I realize how old I’ve become, how much I’ve aged today: I’ve got a new line on my forehead between the old ones, it’s faint; and the unmistakable lines around my mouth and the creases near my nose, because I smile too often, remind me to appreciate the clarity of skin around my eyes. 
Honestly, I wouldn't mind, if at the cost of laughter, I got a few more lines but it is daunting to see. To see myself change. To witness my ripen: where I grow stronger, become taller than the friends and classmates, realize that my hugging arms are growing around the waist of relatives as our eyelines begin to approach, when my clumsy stumble, or graceful skip, becomes a power and my run seems to pull me from the ground. 
I wash my hands, dry them on some of the spare linen hanging from the metal bar placed beside the clawfoot tub. Leaving the bathroom, walking along the windows and peering down into the street or up across at neighboring windows, I can’t help but momentarily grow sentimental about what my Uncle has done for me, especially recently these last few weeks. At the end of the second corridor, along and past the window, through a few more wooden arches I get to the back door and head into the cold basement.  A moment later, I’m back upstairs with two bottles of fairly cheap and sweet white wine. 

    “I just wanted to say that you can stay as long as you want. Truly. I’ve got too much room here and, well, with recent events, I’d appreciate having you here, with me. I wanted to say that I love you.”
    “I love you, too.”
    “Which bottles did you grab, bring it here, let me see. Why? Why do I keep buying this shit? Is this the last of them? Well… tomorrow we’ll get more. Have you spoken at all with Margaret? Is it very impossible?”
    “I wouldn’t call it ‘impossible’, I just think we need to spend time apart, for a few months. A year? Well, I did want to, I think, spend the rest of my life with her. I think. I really do think so. I found myself waking up with her more and more often, and becoming comfortable with the fact. When we were apart we would miss each other. But now, after everything, or not everything… I should say it: she cheated on me.”
    “You… betrayed each other.”
    “Exactly. And we were both still willing to stay together but I was, to be honest, so paranoid about it, and felt like I deserved persecution. I ended up projecting, and finding out the truth. I think toward the end, I wanted it to end to see if it would hurt; if I could bear being alone again. And I can.”
    “Well, you two are young. You live a little longer and…well, I shouldn't say that. When you finally do become another person, and that can happen at any age, I’ve become a few different people in my life, but in the end, the present moment, you realize that the past…I forgot what I was saying. Pour me another glass, my dear.”
    “Cheating isn’t really a big deal. It wasn’t for me, I just wanted to be, I wanted to be alone. Or I wanted to separate so that I…maybe I wanted her to hate me, but she wouldn’t, so I made her. “
    “Cry whilst you cook. Help me up.”
He isn’t very old, but we walk into the dining room and then the kitchen holding each other.
    “Sit there and let me cry. I’d rather say it all. Hopefully, exorcize myself.” Holding him by the hip, I place him on the dark yellow wooden chair beside the counter nearest the kitchen archway. The counter along the wall of the kitchen, where we pile all of our unopened mail, leave our keys, where he habitually retires the cushion for the chair when he’s not using it, and where, besides, he usually sits to watch me cook for the two of us. “Did I love her? No. Could I love her? I think so? I always approached it more as devotion and being consistently devoted to her. If I wanted to hurt her, there lies the way… I was scared. Did you want me to make something else? It wouldn’t be a problem.”
    “Anything is fine, really.”
    “So, I'd be in this mind of, ‘Ok, I’ve said the three words and she has said them to me, how can I prove it.’. No, that’s too crude. I think I may have been in love, really, and now after the fact, being on the other side where it’s black and white instead of technicolor, I've convinced myself it had to have been a dream. I think it’s easier for me to say, ‘Ok, I wasn’t in love, and I didn’t lose the love of my life’ than it is to accept that reality. Really, in my heart, I don't know if I'm convinced one way or the other. How was it with your wife?”
    “Simple, looking at it now, effortful, when you are as young as we were when we first met. We were younger than you two. And there was a time, because of my insecurity and her grace, God rest her soul, where I, too, separated us. And I miss her, and wish I could have realized... You’ll manage. You're wiser than me with these things. I left the bottle in the other room, do you mind?”
    “Just watch the stove.”
Going through the dining room, there’s a table in the middle that is ovoid and bisected to create a flat space, apparently made out of a single tree. A dark blue checkered tablecloth draped over the wood of the table, while on top and in the center is an unused ornamental candle holder with wine glasses that have collected dust placed around it, and before a chair near the other end of the table, a small pencil drawing I made is lain; and forgotten about the moment I take my eyes away from it. There are a few miscellaneous items around the dining room, a knife to open mail with on the table, a bowl of apples that don't seem to age left onto a pedestal, spare change along the window sill: the stuff that makes homes. There aren’t any pictures, of anyone, on the walls, for my uncle is deeply superstitious of photography. Through the archway, connecting the dining room and the living room, where our wine was left, I approach the fireplace to tend to the dying flame, moving embers, using unimportant paper to coax flares; but into the smoke I blow a breath of life. A moment later I'm with my uncle again.
    “So, I've been meaning to ask: no pictures? Your whole life?”
    “Well, I stopped taking my own photo when I was in my twenties. I was twenty… two and homeless, squatting. I remember being in this dark room, this basement of a dilapidated building, where neighbors ceilings would cave in and would be left unattended and leaking, or in the very newest, recently renovated apartments, because of a fire and general property damage, the handles that would gleam would come apart when pulled or it would be a false cabinet altogether. I lived in the basement for about a year, inside the storage unit, and when people would rarely come, I’d have to get up and pretend I was doing something that required a lot of focus and attention,  to explain why I was always down there. There would be weeks where no one would come, and it was especially cool in the summer but during the winter, I'd nearly cocoon myself with whatever I could. 
    “The advantage, because of the darkness, was that when you came into the basement, your eyes would have to adjust, even with the lights turned on. So by the time you could see, I’d have already woken up, discreetly put my shoes on, or my shirt, I could very rarely afford to sleep comfortably out of clothes, and my shoes would have to be positioned in a way that as soon as I woke up and climbed off of the row of chairs and put my feet down, my feet and shoes would line up; in a fluid motion, I would get up and be dressed. I remember being full of despair. I remember taking my photo, and a video, and then watching it. I was about as good looking as you, but in a different way. You’ve got a kind of…Anyways, I look to see and in the video I'm in this storage unit that is overfilled with moldy paper, moldy clothes because overtime the roof gave away through erosion; where every time the neighbor upstairs took a shower, I would hear it dripping, dripping on me until I managed to position my head away from it. I had to staple a plastic sheet to tilt the water away, toward the back, deeper into the storage unit, so the rest of it: the piles of clothes that didn’t belong to me, the long cardboard boxes lain indiscriminate, one with the Christmas tree, the rows of files and albums of photos assorted into cardboard or plastic containers; would all slowly absorb and evaporate the water so the storage unit never flooded. But it was this agglomerate, dark and filthy, pile of belongings that were slowly melting together, fusing, becoming gray, damp, indistinct…  in the video this is what I’m sleeping on, this is the room I’m sleeping in. 
    “I remember praying to God, and hating God, and willing myself to never return to that state, no matter what it cost, especially if the price was my pride. I rarely took photos of myself before that point, and seeing that just gave me another reason not to. 
    “I was getting used to being sleep deprived and being full of dread anytime I heard someone come into the basement, thinking, ‘Is today the day I’m going to be discovered and put onto the street?’. Once you are on the street you are nobody. People will walk over you. They will exclaim to themselves how cold it is, see you sleeping outside with nothing between you and the concrete, or maybe just a sheet of cardboard, but nothing else will be said as they go on with their lives. You can’t expect God to come down, only death, no one is going to give you respite and comfort; the only people, when you are on the street, that are approaching you are coming to take pity on you and that could look like giving you meager means or taking your belongings and if you are particularly…Watch the stove.”
    “Sorry. Go on.” 
I’ve been mincing a small assortment of vegetables, mixing them in to rice warming on the stove as a meal for myself, while below in the oven the meatballs should begin to brown and broil.
    “There was a man who knew I was sleeping down there. I figured everyone in that part of the building had their ideas of why I was always in the basement but looked the other way. I’m telling you, the difference between being good looking can be life or death. It’s bullshit but it’s true. There were two rooms connected through a door, locked with a padlock, and on either side of the door a room for storage and a room for laundry.   
    “The laundry room and the storage room both had the same general locking mechanism at their proper front doors; a simple vague key would gain you access. I would use the laundry room to brush my teeth, wash my clothes by hand in the basin, shave my head with the one razor I had. If you don’t look homeless you aren’t, and that's how I got away with it for so long. But this one man wanted to see me low. He wanted, for no other reason, to catch me with my pants down. I’d wake up in the dark, because the storage unit I was sleeping in, I slept in a few because again: this part of the building was mostly abandoned; but the ones I did sleep in were the furthest from the door and light bulb. I’d wake up suddenly and he’d be walking silently around the room, looking for me; thinking me asleep, hoping to spot my camp but I was smart enough to always dissemble and disguise my living space. 
    “It’s funny. I would always know when someone was going to come down there, or not always, but I had an intuitive sense telling me, ‘Drain the bucket of piss today before you go to sleep.’ and then the next day this family came down, where because the walls are so thin, I guess, they could hear me moving around underneath them at all hours of the night. They had enough sense to realize I hadn't left the basement for hours; that someone was squatting beneath their floor. I hated living like that. So early, when I first was learning how to become invisible, this couple came down, and I could hear them above me saying, ‘There’s someone in that room.’ and then a moment later, their door would unlock and I could hear them coming down the stairs, and then the basement door would open. And to them, the place would be in about the same state the rest of the building was: recently abandoned; but the man walks over to the far corner and kicks the bucket, expecting something inside to slosh around. Then they opened the storage unit beside the one I'm lying in silence inside; and it was summer, so I’m sleeping in my underwear, or completely nude. I know to keep still and to breathe shallowly; this isn’t the time to clear my throat, or to have to sneeze, or to have to piss, and, God forbid, if I needed desperately to take a shit. So I’m unmoving, having just woken up, naked, squatting in the storage unit beside the one they own, and she, the woman or his wife, I’m unsure, she goes into the storage unit, while the husband is pacing around in front of my door, trying to peer through the crack. I can hear him, and feel him, contemplating unlatching the door and taking a look for himself. 
    “They return upstairs, and I can hear them through their floorboards saying, ‘I tried to take a picture but I couldn't see him’. It’s easy to get comfortable. It was easy, and almost comfortable. Better than being in the elements. 
    “Well, some days, I would put up the barriers in the storage units I was sleeping in, this unused radiator, and I would put it in front of the door and another behind me; where if one were to look, all that could be seen would be stored objects, furniture... Or I'd use this unused plaster wall and I’d have it lean against the wall over me, so when I was going to sleep in this space just large enough to lie in, it would feel the same as closing myself in a coffin. And that was the time, sleeping in the coffin, when the man came in, and I stirred awake. I remember clearing my throat in my sleep, being unsure of how much time had passed since I had cleared my throat and suddenly woke up; perhaps I was slowly waking and then realized there was someone looking for me in the room. The first thing I do realize upon waking is that I’m hearing a man creeping around for me. I have too many stories from that basement. Something would tell me to leave this storage unit and sleep in another one instead, and pile a bunch of trash in front of it, so that people would be deterred, so that I wouldn’t get caught. Another day, a whole family comes in, a different family, I suppose they had just moved in and were looking for a place to put their belongings. They were looking for their rightful storage unit. The night before, I knew I should pile up chairs, old paper, general trash, because the basement was filled with it; not trash from a dumpster, but unused furniture, cabinets, mirrors, old wooden rocking chairs, pipes, baskets, heavy, obstructing furniture all just sitting along the wall extending out and taking up most of the space in the basement.”
    “How did you close the door behind you, you said you latched yourself inside?”
    “Well, the one I’m speaking about, for there were three, was the one furthest back, in the left corner as you are walking into the room; along the brick wall that shared the same wall with the laundry room. There was this metal coiled rope, I knotted it, put the bolt in the rope on the other side of the bottom of the door, and would pull it closed and would weigh it down with my foot or bricks to prevent anyone, if they got close enough, from pulling it open; and I would have it leveraged and hooked around one of the legs of the table shelf I slept beside, that had all sorts of things on it: again, pictures of some other family, boxes I was uninterested in exploring, golf clubs. Forgotten things. I would tether the rope so that if pulled, it would instantly go taut instead of feeling like someone was on the other side holding the door closed. Then, in another, different storage unit, I’d unhinge the door, put a small latch for the appearance of being locked from the outside, and enter and exit by removing the whole door off the frame…. 
    “But, one night, unlike all the others, the night right before the family came, the brand new family that just moved in and came looking for this long abandoned storage unit, the one that shared two walls with the laundry room; one of the many unused units in the room, in one of the few rooms of the building that are full of storage units, I decided to, essentially, booby-trap the entrance. The next morning, to my horror, there's this woman and her kids approaching the door and talking about the unit where I’m just on the other side of the door. They’re getting closer. The only thing that stops them from opening and finding a man living there is all the furniture I piled up. Luck or intuition.  But I think it takes a bit more than luck to go consistently undiscovered, or to be discovered and at the last moment, because of some prescient flash telling you do this very specific thing, and that thing being the reason you are successful the very next day. Yeap.”
    “Let’s take a look.” Opening the oven, and in a pan, better used for cupcakes, are bulbs of meat. I place them atop of the stove as they cool; and in the microwave begin warming a plate of spaghetti. 
I place our plates beside one another in the living room, near the fire. Then, together with my Uncle, as we hold each other by the hips, I bring him to eat beside me.

Chapter

The ambivalent tones of the city where at night it’s the quietest, the silence is composed of airplane engines tearing through the sky, cars racing through streets and alleys where there is little policing, the sound of the wind in the trees, and the last cries of birds. The air coming through my window feels nice, as someone who’s lived their whole life in inner, denser, cities with millions of people and their millions of lives, the air, despite our pollutants, smells fine; the air smells like spring. I want to worry about the world, I want to feel bad when I: look down at the plastic bags the cashier has handed me, see the amount of plastic my mail is secured and sealed in, notice my orange juice and it’s untampered plastic container; all this is meant to be alarming but I can’t bring myself to feel devoted to the cause. 
The world has already ended, it’s too late. 
The Pope, the role descended until Saint Peter, a man who walked with God, is quoted, stating, ‘Souls aren’t punished’, that the common fear of hellfire and destruction doesn’t exist; and to me, that feels too poignantly bleak and apocalyptic. The shepherd tells the flock, ‘Don’t worry, there’s no such thing as wolves.’ trying to pacify and coddle, knowing and counting himself among those that aren’t saved. The shepherd has what to defend against the tearing teeth? A wand?
There are videos, too many of them, of all the things that you should only see in end-of-the-world media where they are presented as fiction and hyperbolic fantasy; the only thing that hasn’t appeared in real life are the demons themselves. 
I’m lying in bed, on the computer. I’m lying in bed, wandering through the city of holograms. Immortality can be achieved, all you have to do is give up your face and your doppelgänger, a smaller version but identical remake of you, will live forever, digitally; trapped in purgatory, performing only the ordained in the video, while you, the original have to grow up and old, and watch as your beauty last forever in perfect intangibility. The Internet is our best invention according to my uncle in a conversation we shared a few weeks ago; I argued,
    “No.”
    “What do you mean ‘No’? Don’t just say ‘No’, what else even comes close? Electricity? Electricity is a composite of the Internet and I can learn how to make electricity online!”
    “The ranking goes as follows: Fire, plumbing, soap, refrigeration, telecommunications, then the Internet, writing and I suppose pictures of any kind. These inventions, each of them, there is a clear line where before, we were living closer as animals, and after, further away. Man and Woman are treading water, with their heads bobbing just above the surface, and everything in the water represents how much of us is carnal and bestial, while the little bit of us, our technology and craftsmanship are the small distinctive factor that keeps up alive and breathing. But eventually we’ll drown.”  
I’ve paraphrased Marcus but I'm sure he won’t mind the bastardization of his allegory. 
My uncle played the Devil’s advocate well, making a case for the rearrangement of the list and the addition of Language and Agriculture, but that conversation has passed.
I look my name up on the Internet, my identity localized with every additional piece of information, because there are many with the exact same name as me. It reminds me of Pablo Picasso and his culture, and how it wasn’t entirely unfamiliar for him, to his family, to have twenty three names, like a leviathan with a great many people composed into one artificial man. To identify myself: to get closer to the sound that when I hear it, it gives me pleasure because of its aesthetics and truth, because of the symmetry with my soul. When I attended college and was learning basic mathematics, there lies an idea: the more numbers you have, the more clues to recognize the pattern of change between each integer in a list leading to the identification or behavior of a series. The main principle in calculus, as I understood it, is that it uses a great many small objects, infinitesimally small, and an infinite number of these very small particles, if the bound is endless, to approximate through addition. A stranger could look me up, but how many people in this city alone share my name; the first and last; the two, to me, are simply the first digit in the list of numbers that may describe me and my behavior, or the very first particle of my whole. Yes, it's very specific, six, one of the ten that are possible, but what else is composed of Man, making us who we are; and what of the semi-private names I use I call myself? 
But, ultimately, I don't exist in this holographic city; there are pictures of me when I was very young and those can be found, regrettably, but not much else. It is said, ‘The internet lasts forever.’ so I ask, ‘Where am I?’	

Chapter

The days pass individually but moments are near all encompassing. I’ll wake up just before midnight and listening to anything that I can hear: first, it’ll be the birds and lone cars in the dusk, then, children losing their toys because they were rude to their mothers in the morning, or dogs barking with unsaid emotions to one another as it approaches noon; and then the ebbing of the city’s life wanes again. Now weeks have passed and dates that seemed too remote to be tomorrow anytime soon, are today. I can hear my uncle downstairs, and tonight, like most nights, I'll join him and he’ll be the only person I end up talking to. 
The elasticity of time reverts back to it’s original state, my depression, my fantasies of suicide, or the clawing of repressed memories, lead me away from my body while it’s in the middle of a conversation Jermaine and his brother Corey. 
    “Are you ok?”
    “Yeah. I was thinking about groceries I'd need to make this soup I've been dreaming about. Roasted Tomato Soup.”
    “When did you move in with your uncle?” Corey asks while getting up to reignite the incense. They’ve got a very comfortable apartment where an island separates the low light of the living room, thick with beautiful carpeting, and the tiled floor of the brighter kitchen. Around the television, lain atop of an overturned dresser, are dull emerald green couches and an antique grandfather chair with dark brown wooden frame. I look away from the living room and back at Jermaine and then to Corey as he sits before me again.
    “Uh, a couple months. I’ve got the top floor to myself.”
    “Hm. Corey, tell him about yesterday.”
    “Ah…”
    “What happened yesterday?”
    “Corey met a girl.”
    “Did more than just meet her.”
    “Oh?” Corey plays coy and seems to brood more than he talks, when you look at his face you find yourself faltering in conversation, becoming self-conscious about what you say and thinking yourself to be boring, or dull, until he smiles. 
    “It’s very simple with women. This is the grand secret. Are you listening?”
    “Sure I am.” 
    “Don’t talk too much, be charming. And when you do fail, remember: that there are nearly four billion other beautiful women in the world.”
    “Be serious.” Jermaine.
    “No, but I met her at a park, she was doing yoga, and I was dreading the approach. ‘Should I approach her from behind? Should I walk around the park again so that I approach from the other side? If she is still here, will I talk to her? Why am I staring at her and not going up to her?’. It was always the wrong moment and I kept thinking about how I'd be perceived if I did this, or… but in the end, I just walked up to her, and I had to repeat myself because I thought maybe she was ignoring me, maybe she was, or she couldn’t hear me. You don’t want to be the guy who is ignored and then turns pest. You’ve got to meander between persistent and pest… ‘Does she want to talk to me or is she just friendly and too polite?’. Eventually though, she was all smiles when she turned around, and we talked for what seemed like much more time than it was. I was mostly listening to her. ‘Oh, wow, really?’...no, but she was genuinely interesting, and funny; or the conversation… was…never mind.”
    “See, not bad, eh? Anyways, I'm proud of you. You’ve been so timid lately.”
    “I know, I've been, like, adopting these personality traits that don’t belong to me. Or convincing myself that this behavior is mine and always have been, and then suddenly I remember what I just told you: It doesn’t matter in the end. Actually, I saw another girl right before her, she was a little heavier, but I like chubby women, too. She was behind me, walking along the direction I was in the park, and I’m thinking: ‘Should I stop?’, ‘Should I slow down and let her overtake me, and then say something?’, ‘ Should I pretend to tie my shoe, or would that be weird?’, ‘Oh, there’s a bench up there, I’ll walk a little further, and sit down, then wait for her to pass in front of me?’, ‘But what if she leaves the other way?’. She disappeared when I turned around and I thought she left, and, at once, I felt like I missed a chance, and that I missed it because I was overthinking, playing the timid, until I turned around a few paces later, and there she was. I confess, I did find a place to sit so that she could pass by in front of me so that it would seem naturalistic in my approach. I felt like I was in a music video. But, it was natural, I had been so dehydrated.
    “She passes in front of me, I say, ‘Hello.’ and she ignored me, or didn’t hear me. She ignored me. I saw her earlier and we kept making eye contact but maybe too much…Anyways, I laughed, immediately, because…well, I'm not sure. But I laughed to myself for a little bit, and then I went and got something from the grocery store. I think I was laughing at the music video in my mind abruptly stopping because she ignored me. Speaking of groceries, I need some more money, dear brother. But yeah, I came back from the store, and there this angel was, the girl I got lucky with, and I noticed her but she was facing away from me, alone in the park. I think, ‘What’s the worst that can happen? I've already been rejected.’”
    “Well, I'm happy for you, too. I wish the two of you the best. Guys, I think I should head home, make sure my uncle is al'right.”
    “Need a ride?” Jermaine asks.
    “Need any drugs?” Corey.

Chapter

My pants are on the floor beside my bed, the sheets are over my head, reminding me of how I used to love her in the dark. I think about her, but it feels strange or vulgar. There are moments where I'm thinking about nothing at all, just listening to the quiet in the room or the faint sounds coming from outside. I find a memory, or create a new one, and transfigure it into ecstasy. 

Chapter 

I wake up remembering the end of a dream. The star of the dream, the only face I can put a name to, is a man I knew in college. The first time I saw him I was walking to work, waiting to cross the street with him, amongst others, standing beside me; another stranger going through the motions of his life. An archangel came from heaven and let this innocent soul borrow her face.
The next time I saw him I introduced myself. He was a little taller than me and he wore boots most of the time. Time goes by, and we are under the covers together, Jonah's whale made of thin, pale blue sheets. Him above me, looking down, while we both pretend to continue wrestling; witnessing what lies between us. We are too scared to take our pants off, or I am, but it hardly matters. Then, when we are in public, talking, he’ll casually place a hand on my leg and it'll linger, and despite the fact that I’m uncomfortable with it, or I want to be, or I am but I don’t move it, I, instead, wait for him and the natural rhythm of the conversation and my own body language to tell him he’s gone too far. 
    “Men are rarely beautiful,” he says, “only when they’re working and lifting things that are very heavy. Doing hard labor. Or when they are competing in sports; especially fighting. Other than that, beauty is personified as a woman, wouldn’t you agree?”; he says this, aware of how he looks and both of us knowing the things that are said about me. We go to parties, at the edge of campus; the other side of the nightlife. Large houses, dim rooms, erotic costumes. Before leaving with my girlfriend at the time, he calls for me to come back, we talk at the door with some of his friends, who are women watching the two of us. One of them, standing in front of my girlfriend beside me, is staring at me; later she tells him to introduce the two of us for the sole purpose of sex. Explicitly: “She said, ‘I want him to fuck the shit out of me.’”. Women are fun like that. But nothing happened between the two of us, the woman and I; it felt too nefarious and too rushed. I was melancholic from my failed relationship and festering in my isolation.
In the back of my mind, when I did agree to meet the woman, I felt that they just wanted to see how I had sex so that they could use it against me; learn carnal knowledge about me, peering into the animal’s cage, and then, slander me if the relationship called for it. It felt akin to being secretly recorded. Once I learned this, especially from the questions he asked afterwards, and his attitude when I told him an unsatisfactory amount of information, the gossiping bitch, I distanced myself from him.
But that was all so desperately long ago and the memory is casually thought about throughout the day. 

I’m sitting near the window on the second floor of my Uncle’s duplex. The main living room has this wide three-panel window, concave so that the two on either side are pointing away from each other at an angle that's reflected and can be appreciated when standing a few meters away, looking at the world outside. There is not very much to appreciate though, just gloom, dark craggily trees, bright grey skies, and muted tones of the overcast sapping the life out of everything below. There is supposed to be a tornado coming so the windowpanes and the reaching tree grating against the facade of the building, threatening to shatter the glass, are the only noises keeping me company. The tree sounds as if it’s going to split apart, terrible low groans or terrible tearing sounds, but when you look to it and it’s damp dark brown that's black under the overcast white, it seems to only be crying for itself. I’ve never seen a tornado in real life, only its spectacle in the movies. When I was very little, too young to put an age to the memory, I remember driving in the city with my parents, in the front seat, and them telling me to put my head down and lie in the back, and to not look at the sky. The sky was incredibly dark and unfortunate, and there was a knot of curvatures in the clouds, the moment before the tornado was completely formed; Uranus and Gaia, matrimony, manifested before Man. I’ve been caught in tornadoes, or the catastrophic and collateral wind and sudden, violent rain, waiting for the lightning that sounds closer, too close, to reach down  for my life; others seeing my poor body lying face down in the flooding streets, unable to help me before they themselves are stolen. It’s always interesting how quickly nature reduces the ego of Man, even something as banal as the wind snatching a limb off a tree is enough to permanently put down any of us: to be felled; felled by fate. 
When I think of death, and how she can look like sleep, I feel this terrible foreboding that our understanding of her complexity is muddled and, ultimately, wrong.  Death is God telling you to stay down, after the branch has crushed your skull and put you to sleep; Play dead. Play dead unless you want to be divinely punished, to suffer the smite of God, the most unbearable fire, agony, again. “Stay down.” God says, standing over you, and maybe most of us are willing to spit in the face of God, and rise again, but eventually those too are put down even from their apparent miraculous recovery. The fear of this insurmountable, too heavy burden of pain, and the fear of it, is the reason we stay down, and rot where we lay. Sisyphus’s name is remembered because he’s able to do what the rest of us can’t, and that’s why his impossible task: of rising again, and supporting the burden of misery, is living in hell.

Chapter

Today I went for a walk, just in a straight line with no real destination. I was beginning to grow anxious after spending too many days as my own prisoner. It’s beginning to become weeks of not going outside unless I’m taking the garbage out of the house, receiving delivered food or for groceries. I’d wake up, spend the entire day on the computer, looking for something to entertain myself with, constantly failing, and by the time I can't bear any more boredom, it'd been twelve hours and I fall asleep. 
During my walk I noticed Spring gaining its second wind. The furthest parts of trees are turning from green to pale yellow, while the underbrush and lower branches of the tree are more fertile than I can remember. In one neighbor’s yard is the smell of cow dung, without any additives, and it was horrific to walk through; feeling as though the musk was seeping into my pores, my clothes, made thick in the mist that was being sprayed off the white fence across the alley; so it’s this trap that looks serene with refraction in the water vapor, where the viridians and lime greens are absorbing the dew, where you think you are going to be refreshed because of the strange, sudden heat that Spring bears but before you can prepare yourself, the water smells as if you’ve walked into a public bathroom after the previous user didn’t aim nor care to drain their excrement.  
But the sky, and the many faces soaking in the aging sun, seem to have forgotten a small miracle: the circling white moth choosing myself to dance with.

Chapter

It’s interesting how immortal children seem to be, with their virtue. It’s always the same, general looking kids playing in the park and when they scream in glee, interrupted only by shouts from another, it sounds as the play of children has always sounded. I’m lying in a small grove of grass encircled by small magnolia trees. On either side of the perimeter of trees there is a row of tennis courts with amateur players enjoying the weather, and children and their parents playing together in the jungle gym. A man paces behind me, and I turn my face, rolling my head in the grass to see what he looks like. He tells the world that he is selling drugs, and then continues talking to himself; I can’t help but stare at him, and he periodically looks back at me, every few paces. How many small mistakes does it take me to become him? Did that man truly make any mistakes or did he just fit perfectly into the prophecy of the homeless? 
The homeless population seems immortal as well. The same smells emanate from them, no matter how many years have passed between seeing them again. The way the homeless man looks at me, as if he’s marking me, forcing himself to remember my face in case we run into each other again; and I get the sense that if I was homeless too, and night came, and the cool air came too, while I was alone, trying to hide traces of myself before I fell asleep, or walking endlessly to stay awake and warm, I feel that if I ran into him, one of us would die. It would be, all in one moment, a perfect culmination of despair; maybe we’d struggle and before I realized, he’s pushed the knife in and out of me too many times. The next morning my body is found, the lack of identification is found, and nothing else is heard from me; I've fulfilled my role, and another will take my place, my general face, and will look just like me.
My ex-wife gave me a sweater, or I kept a sweater from her, and I pretend that I've adjusted and moved on and away from her in a new city, with new friends; that a great many months have passed, and winter came and left, and then spring came in its place, as it should. I've made friends despite how strenuous it is at my age, in a city where everyone has just enough time to focus on making sure they, too, aren’t homeless. I’ve seen the sun rise and birth color into the world countless times, saturating the flowers from clay muted tones in the dark, to deeply confusing wavelengths of both perfect red and perfect violet disguised as blue, so that when you look at the rose, it seems to be humming with electricity, it’s so bright. The moons that I've seen. The food that I’ve taught myself to make, or dreamed of eating one night and becoming my own magician, making my dreams come true the next day. I’ve lived, and then I feel trapped in the parable as the growing elephant with the rope attached to its neck, unable to make this simple decision of letting go of the past; so I wear the sweater again, and again. And again.

Chapter

    “I've been thinking about… getting some piercings? I wanted tattoos for the longest but piercings, if I outgrow them or something, I can take the jewelry out; while tattoos I'd need… laser treatment, surgical skin grafts... Will you come with me?” Jasmine asks.
    “When were you planning to?”
    “We should get matching ones, nipple piercings.”
    “That would be kind of cool, but I don’t know if I could manage that.”
    “Ears?”
    “Let me think about it. How much time do I have to regret my decision if I say yes?”
    “Well, if you aren’t a pussy, we can go today?”
    “You can’t goad me into something I hadn't given a second thought to. When?”
    “I’m not sure, I was only thinking. I’ve been steeling myself, watching videos of other people getting them done, or piercing themselves, and it seems so anticlimactic; and painful.”
    “A little pain isn’t so bad.”
    “I can't stand it. I’ll start feeling uncomfortable in my body and I have to suppress myself, as an adult, from screaming. It’s this visceral urge, and that’s not even realized pain. I’m thinking about it now, and…God. I can get used to pain, and suffer through it, but if I know it’s coming I feel my chest tightening and I may puke from the vertigo. Just pure anxiety. I'm exaggerating but only a little. I was, earlier, licking my girlfriend’s titties and her piercing unscrewed in my mouth.”
    “Speaking of Jessica, you said she’d be coming by today; you too came separately?”
    “She decided against it at the last minute. I think she’s at home, doing nothing. She’s…I’ll say, ‘Jessica, you don’t have to keep running yourself thin for these people.’ and then after putting out so many fires she’s… she takes it out on me.”
    “Yeah, I'm the same way.” I try, reassuring her, keeping the melancholy from at least one of us. “I’ll get really attached to someone. Where that person alone will have seen my soul. But then it becomes this overbearing responsibility, for them to be: to be my friend, my lover, my therapist; and I didn't realize I was doing it until she embarrassed me for it. It wasn’t out in public or anything, but it was her, essentially, holding the mirror before me and saying, ‘This is what you do.’ At the time, in my mind, I’m…well, I’m saying, ‘I've shown you the most desperately covered part of myself, I've told you everything and I am telling you everything.’ because I secretly want people to hate me, or I want them to love me as my most honest, undignified self. To love Me. Do you believe in souls?”
    “One culture calls it souls, the other calls it ego, and then another again calls it the mind, and then still more call it the heart. It sounds very idyllic but I try not to think about it too much. Is Jessica great? Yes. Do I love her? Yes. Is she my soul-mate? What an absurd standard to hold someone to.”
    “You're right.”
    “But then I ask myself: ‘Through sickness and health?’ yes; ‘Would I bathe her when she’s unable to, too old to make it to the bathroom?’ absolutely; ‘Could I love again after her, if she left me?’ and I don’t even want to think of the possibility. Isn’t that the definition of a soul-mate, in its modern iteration? What wouldn’t I do for her? I can’t think of anything. If she truly needed to kill someone, we’d lure them into the dark together.”
    “I was watching this video, and this woman left her home, and came back, and someone else had moved in. Squatting. And the common sentiment was that she should… kill the man. And she says it in the interview, basically this imagined firefight, like it’s a movie or something. And all the comments under the video are appalled over the absurd amount of rights that criminals have, that the government protects criminals too well. To these people, being called a criminal means your life is forfeit if you inconvenience them, that you are less than human. Well, where’s the line? She can smile on camera, laugh about it; even the news crew agreed with her, that her property was more valuable than the life of another man, more valuable than a soul. ‘If you are too much of an inconvenience, then you should die.’ Die?
    “But then it’s easy to look through the computer, from the safety of my home, with hardly any problems of my own, or, at least, no problems that would lead me to thinking of murder and telling the world about it; and it being over something as petty as housing… Is that petty? Is fighting for your property, petty? Because, essentially, he is no different than a marauding thief, the difference is that instead of killing her and taking her property, he used his rights as a human being.
    “We’ll find ourselves at a point, in three years time, where something so absurd and dream-like will happen, so regularly, that someone a hundred years ago or in a different culture today, would find us to be living... in a fantasy.”
    “We were walking back from a night out with friends, it was Jessica, me, her two friends, and my sister. And one of her friends was carrying a brown paper bag filled with weights for at least 10 kilometers.”
    “What do you mean?”
    “I mean, exactly that. Just completely purposeless, and ordinary. I remember the sound of whales in the sky that night… And then we passed by someone else carrying this comically large weight, and the absurdity stuck with me. Two men approaching, unaware of the other, and all in a moment they’re suffering for no reason while the rest of us don’t consider it very much. Those beginnings of Monty Python sketches-”
    “I was just thinking that.”
    “Right, he’s doing everything, anything to relay the simple message.”
    “I used to watch those episodes a lot when I had time to myself. I just have a lot of… really simple memories where I’m watching them at night; where, in the memories, I don’t really remember laughing but obviously I was. What a great role, just before the title card, every episode?”
    “We are all that man.” Jasmine concludes.

We are sitting on a checkered, pale green and pink blanket, with a small grill cooking wood beside us. We assumed the weather would remain consistent because it had been very sunny and warm for the past week, and it was sunny when I woke up, but it’s was disingenuous sunshine, lacking any substance or warmth. We are sitting across from each other, wrapped together in wool blankets that Jasmine had the mind to bring. There are moments of torment when the already cold day grows worse because the sun passes behind trees or the clouds higher up.

    “You think the stove is ready?”

Hours later, I’m thinking of my day with Jasmine, and having friends, and how they are the few reasons why, despite that fact that I’ve given up, I linger here on earth; hoping the next day with them is worth the wait, and even if it isn’t, the anticipation, the  longing for even the smallest of shared laughs and gestures of companionship, the mutual tension between strangers working to maintain or produce a relationship has more than enough merit, worth their weight in gold. Before we parted in our respective directions she ask,
    “What's the most amount of times that you’ve orgasmed in a day?”
    “It’s never enough. I’m spent after four, but I've got a friend who said his record is three more than that?”
    “Who?”
    “You don’t know him.”
    “What do you think about when you masturbate? What kind of porn do you watch?” Looking me in the eyes, expectantly, with a smile: the charm of her face. Her smile says, ‘Don't be coy.’
    “Ah. I think about past experiences I’ve had with partners. I think about… possible experiences I could’ve had if I were but a little braver. I’ll see someone and dream about them.”
    “I was telling Jessica about this sex dream I had, and she asked, ‘-And who was the other person in the dream?’ and I'm, like, obviously, ‘It's you.’. I told her I think about her when I touch myself and she couldn’t believe it. Is it very strange?”
    “Probably not. When I was married I didn't masturbate to the thought of her but now, having been single for these last few months, she’s always on my mind, it seems.”
    “So, just girls?”

Jasmine. You overly curious cat. 

Chapter

Night comes on time, but I’m still awake. I’ve been fasting longer and longer because I've been gaining too much weight; when I look into the mirror my skin has sores and puss because of the awful food I've been consuming. I’ll cook well for my Uncle and suffer convenient food. The moment my weight goes down and I recognize myself in my reflection, the next day I gorge on food, rewarding myself for the effort. But, at the end of the day, when I feel like throwing up, I hate myself and hate the way I treat myself. Discipline: a simple word; to be disciplined. To be disciplined, to be a disciple. To be a disciple, to better yourself before God; or to better yourself before your own icon, the mirror. To be disciplined and a perfect disciple is to be better than Man in a way that is angelic or android: asking too much, every moment, in spite of vices; where my vices, pleasure and satiation, are too seductive.
The reward for discipline is vanity (and health), and to me, and every other member of my species, that is the most important thing. There are few things more frightening than being the best you’ve ever been and then waking up and one of your arms is completely numb and dead. There is nothing worse than the humiliation of aging, having been something that was desired, met with the lascivious gaze of someone you could lust for, being able to live pleasurably and to seek and gain the pleasure that you desire in turn, and then surpassing that: the redefinition of yourself; only then to be one of the many old women in the park with a terrible back or a man who can’t get his dick hard. You’ve been born into paradise and face expulsion: Death.
The punishment for falling into desire is life well lived. If I’m going to die, and the yoga teacher is going to die ten years after me, where the one who never smoked dies in a car accident tomorrow, or I get cancer because of the environment even after abstaining from all the crude pleasures presented in life, in the end, how much have I gained; what have I lost? 
Be a monk and be close with God, or be a whore and be close with Jesus.

Chapter 

    “I've been thinking about returning to work or going back to school.”
    “Well, you won’t be able to work and go to school well, at the same time, not successfully. Don’t look at me that way, you know what I mean. And, well, I can tell how sad you are… Adding more things to your life may distract you; hopefully, they’ll distract you. You are one of two names in the will… I've got it around here somewhere, not to wish death upon myself too soon, but I can cover your tuition for a few years, to make sure you’ve still enough after you’ve graduated. What are you going to study?”
    “Well, I was also thinking of getting a job, or something, as you say, to distract me. I enjoy cooking. But what else do I enjoy? What can I subsist on if I make it into a career and not dread waking up the next day to do it again; which of course has its charm. I don’t know. I’ve got a passing interest in yoga. And health. I enjoy reading, so maybe a degree with a lot of reading; maybe learn another language. Go to school to learn a language? That seems smart, right? Become a translator? Do translators make a lot of money? Is there any prestige in that? ‘I’m a translator.’ …What do you think? No, don’t say anything.” My uncle, sitting on the ottoman next to the counter near the doorway; he seems to be waiting for me to figure out my life, for myself, content simply as the witness. “Math is a language, I suppose math is interesting. Is there any money in math? Am I just looking for money? Do I value my use to others over…I’m not sure, my own life? I was struggling learning math the first time I went through college, but I also didn’t care to learn anything outside of my degree program, and only took the courses out of requirement. What do I require for my life?”
    “Trying to figure it all out now… is… fruitless. Why decide your fate, forever, in a moment? There's nothing wrong with growth and, well, indecision; changing your mind. You could have an epiphany a year from now. I sound wise don’t I?”
    “Hardly. No, but you're right. There's this sense that everyone and myself are running out of time, that there isn’t enough time left in the world so I need to soak up all that I can, live in a way that I can only dream, or live honestly because eventually it’ll be too late. I don’t want to be too late. “
    “Just know that there isn’t really a way to waste your time. Everything, if there's any truth at all to be found, and if the truth can be found in any honest work, then everything has merit; equal merit. All of us are the same, and only those that work together or stand on the shoulders of their predecessor understand the pursuit of something greater than themselves, yourself; and the thing that is greater than yourself is the sum of all Man, even our… pedantic endeavors. I’ve done everything, and nearly nothing at all, and I don't envy those who are younger than me, living under a better sun. I mean all of you today are living in this,” gesturing with his hands to the room around us, and meaning the whole of the world, “future, and you don’t even realize it. I suppose I was too, growing up. The next generation is the sum of both the halves, the cumulative good and the bad, both growing together; I’m thinking of a tree and its shadow elongating as the sun moves, where it disappears when it’s noon… Work with some of your friends. Try and fail, and fail again, because school and jobs will always be there, or institutions like them. There'll be plenty of people waiting to fill the roles of cashier, chef, analyst, physicist… Politician, I'm not sure what else, carpenter? You understand. But once you are as old as I am, and sure I can start over tomorrow but most of us have grown comfortable decades ago and we’ve learned to love ourselves as the jellyfish: The immortal jellyfish; that’s my favorite animal, you know. It’s like the phoenix exists in real life, we just got the medium of resurrection wrong. But…where was I? Keep your mind sharp, too. Uh, right. The jellyfish, before undergoing its own destruction for metamorphosis, grows old, meaning that it has chosen to remain in the state and relish in the beauty of age, otherwise it would be perpetually reinvigorating itself in this violence of constant renewal. Perhaps, it can be argued that it would take too much energy or it would be a waste of time but that only gives credence to the grace of aging, that youth isn’t worth the hassle of constant regeneration.”
    “Jellyfish are 90% water, don’t they die as soon as they wash ashore?”
    “As would you, if you were swept out to sea, suddenly. I had a friend die like that when I was child; in this city, even. She and her friends were playing, and all her friends made it out of the water, but her body was never seen again. But that's my point, you are thirteen, getting ready for high school, thinking you’ve got plenty of room in the world of time, unknowingly swimming for the last time. Do something you haven’t done, because if, as you say, the world is running out of time, then what difference would it make? Are you very sure? I really think you should be writing this down; I’m at least the wisest I've ever been today. Maybe you could go to school and learn to be my scribe? What’s that you're cooking?”
    “I thought it was going to be hamburgers, but…”
    “You’ve smashed all the meat apart. Don’t worry, I'll still eat it.”

Chapter

Later: after dinner with my uncle and helping him into his room, after washing the dishes and cleaning so that the place is reverted to its original state, after helping him to the bathroom in the middle of the night, which is done very rarely and with perfect dignity, I’m alone again in my room.
First, a black scrying glass and then a video appears. In the video there are quasi-comedians disguised as news anchors, or it’s better to say they are news anchors peddling drivel without any real finesse; the general discussion being an echo chamber and masturbatory: ‘Look ma, I’m on TV, and I sound smart’. They're talking about the fall of a major city in our country. All I can think while watching is that they’ve been forced to present the information as a Columbian discovery, when in reality it's another point of necrosis. First, the city has the blemish on the skin, the pore long rotten, where the smell of it induces vomiting; and the water spilling out of your ass spells your end. What else is there to think besides that your body has betrayed you. The pore, that became the rash searing and spreading away from my lip, occasionally seeping your body’s efforts in the fight of infection onto your tongue; and in the back of your mind, you secretly enjoy the taste. You are the modern leper. This city, with its apparent leprosy, or forty thousand homeless, the news anchors inform the masses, will continue to fall. There are more and more cities coming closer and closer to my spot on the map where in these cities, there is a lack of clean water; or the air is unbreathable and what has affected the air has left an oily mirage and sheens of color in riverbeds, where the fish stay still on the surface of ponds. 
Whatever. What’s really interesting is the ability to pull from thin air: any group of thoughts, the album you’ve been wanting to listen to but haven’t, the television show from your childhood that was enrapturing to watch while you are late for school; and the colored characters living underwater with the memories attached you’ve attached and all but completely forgotten. 
Every video or amateur artist with niche expertise, the privatization of secrets, the specialization of skills; the resulting ideas that are immediately consumed.  the rest of us being unaware of our deprivation and asking the computer, “What isn’t on the internet?” My failures aren’t, my favorite memories are mine alone. I’m hoarding memories of my failed marriage, now wishing I had taken more photos, and more videos, but then I would perhaps suffer the same fate my Uncle has: seeing the reality fixed and uncompromising, with less luster, not as many smiles, or smiles that I remember being forced. The fighting the night before but before the camera we’ve always looked like the picture of mutual adoration. What isn’t on the Internet is documentation that my failed love life is my fault, for all to see, forever and ever.
In my memory, we’re in her room fighting about something trivial, fighting about something that two can only fight about after they’ve shared near perfect sexual chemistry to the point that it feels too coincidental, we’re fighting about the fact that I was going to end the budding relationship; while from her perspective the relationship seemed fine, that we were facing a challenge together, working through it. We are fighting about my instability and later we’ll fight about the fact that I can't trust other people.
In my memory, she’s crying because she’s prone to tears, and my face is void of expression, like it’s supposed to be. Instead of continued fighting, engaging in behavior that I'd repeat throughout the time we are together, I decide to leave, and she, on her knees, grabs my leg; I’m looking down at her, hesitating because I feel that I am behaving the way my father would: like a coward. To take responsibility for my own fate, to be myself despite the lack of sympathy for her and her tears, I stay and fall asleep next to her. I fall asleep next to her, realizing that maybe I wanted her to want me to stay, that I was behaving like a child. In this memory, I’m looking down at the woman who was being the adult for us
Sometimes she’d get angry with me, my ex-wife, because I wouldn’t fight with her where instead I’d suffer in silence and spite; where my lack of expression, and the boundaries I’ve placed between us become the apparition, the reason it’s was so easy to hurt her: because I didn’t love her. But then after the blessing, where I’m allowed to finally fall in love and begin to trust, or flirt with the idea of a genuine future shared, where I reveal myself before her, I’m betrayed; and I betray her in return.
Love. There is nothing like it, nothing else truly worth suffering for. Sex is great, but sex with people I don't love, no matter how innumerous my partners, pales to being in love and being vulnerable, and having sex with the person who says I am the love of her life; what more do I deserve?
Weeks ago I ask,
    “What are people looking for, truly? Love? It has to be. To say, ‘I love you.’”, and your soul means it, “and to be told, ‘I love you too.’” and your heart knows it’s true. 
    “Well, yeah.” My uncle.
    “And if not love then true friendship. To have someone die with you, die for you. Is that asking too much? Even Jesus was betrayed, and Judas, one of twelve, was among the best of Man.”
    “You’ve been very spiritual lately.”
    “Yeah, well, I've been keeping the wrong company. But, honestly, everyone’s looking for their Doc Holiday from Tombstone. At least I am; and it’s why I'm so reluctant to call people friends, I think. I’ve got these impossible standards, these fantastic standards, but if they are met, then… What more could I ask?”
Before turning off the computer, I notice an actress who looks familiar; realizing she is the mother of her doppelgänger. The two, who have shared everything, share death’s that are separated by hours. As I’m closing the laptop, I notice my reflection looks strange.

Chapter

Going through the books that seem to be in piles sporadically throughout my Uncle’s place: atop of ottomans, sprawled over wooden tables, against the walls, forgotten near computers. One of the books is a group of late works by Henri Matisse. That late in life, when he was barely able to stand very long or paint, after his wife had long died, and he began drinking more to stave off the possibility that he isn’t as profound as he once was, quintessentially staring death in the face; dealing with mortality with grace. The work is consistent and original, a gestalt of the ideals that he’d long sought: simplicity, flat space, purity of color and design. To have that kind of fortitude, to maintain your legacy against your body, where your demons have nearly outpaced you; most artists I've grown familiar with do something very great, very early as a perfect reflection of their ambition and virility or virtuosity or fertility of mind, but then they live off the name they’ve created, hiding behind it like it’s an infallible icon, a symbolic double. But Henri Matisse dies Henri Matisse.
Another book, on the language of Sanskrit. Sanskrit is taught in a variety of ways: the very traditionalist way is to learn the way the teacher did, through recitation and perfect understanding of historic and esoteric information, through poetic prose to be used to study poems and the endless fruit they bear; and the lives of so many who’ve dedicated themselves to this beautiful calligraphy. Still another path in learning Sanskrit is for spiritual enlightenment and truth seeking, to bear knowledge; there are other ways, but I hardly understand it all as I'm staring at the writing in the pages.
There are some books with trite titles, other books with titles that don’t say very much at all, titles poorly used by the writer. A book that I’ve long had, and brought with me when I moved in with my Uncle, is called The Fury; it was made into a movie that I watch every few years. The book’s title and its usage of the title were clever enough for me when I first read through it. 
On a magazine there is a woman posing, nude in a way that her nipples and belly button, genitalia and anus are hidden so there’s class, so the eroticism is implied; the line between slut and model is as thin as the line between stripper and art model. In one room, you stand for those to worship, waiting for them to inscribe the many shadows that that your body has formed, recording the gift of God before them: perfect idolatry. In another room, you stand, or dance in a way that one could kill for, in the way that some of us long for, in a way that could make someone imagine a life with a stranger full of touching, holding, laughing at vaguely funny jokes and for them tell jokes in return, to love back in the end: perfect hypnosis. 
I love the kinds of books that have more pictures than words; books with hundreds of paintings and line drawings. Children’s picture books, full of color and design for the kids but as an adult you can definitively appreciate. I keep running into a book that a woman gave me, a book that I said I would read but can’t bring myself to open; it seems corny. She was beautiful and funny, and I want something to talk with her about so I keep the book and wait for it to speak; who knows, it may be good.

Chapter

But then I'll wake up too late, or I'll be overly anxious when I do wake up, resulting in me being convinced to stay inside, again. Will it rain? Isn’t it supposed to rain later today? Will my neighbors realize that I've been wearing the same clothes for the past few days? Is there enough time in the day before it’s night; if I’ve already missed sunset then what’s the point of leaving?
It’s too cold. I can feel my heart in my chest, thinking about my anxiety, and my breathing becomes this extremely cognizant act; starting in my stomach but lingering near my clavicle. I don’t want to miss the flowers, the little bunches of white in the green bushes. I don’t want to miss the potted reds and yellows outside of homes, welcoming any to look, welcoming the family home. I don’t want to miss the bunches of pink that didn’t exist the day prior on the tall trees. I don’t want to miss out on my life. Please, please, please. Please, don’t let me be the old person in the book, or the movie, or in real life, looking back as they do, full of regret and impossibilities. Please, I pray, give me guidance to make the right choice. Do I talk to her, is that a waste of time, is it ever? Do I travel, where? Am I living in the wrong city, away from my fate? 
So I'll stay inside, peering through the windowpanes, watching the pink in the sky fade to pink. The sun will grow orange, where staring is a moment of punishment and glory. The dubious purple hue in the white and gray becomes obvious; and the sun fades after I've moved away from the window. Am I really missing anything, as my uncle suggested? Were people two hundred, eight hundred years ago truly living a less full life than me? Truly? I’m unconvinced on either end of thinking. The world has never looked as it does now, where cities are larger and people are younger almost unnaturally longer. The benefits of the future are everywhere. The world in the past is completely alien, and there are so many private lives that have been filled and forgotten.

Chapter

There’s a facility located half a kilometer northwest from my Uncle’s place; it has a wide vacant lot, but inside there a swimming pool, a workout room, and it reminds me of a place I used to be taken after school as a child.
The first day I went to this after school program, I was told to: “stand in line with the other kids”, that I'd know where to go when the time came, “to listen” to my surroundings. I’m in line before the other kids have begun to arrive, I suppose I had been anxious then, too; frantically trying to find other kids who shared my fate, hoping I wasn't stranded and left behind. The white bus comes and I am herded into the bus with kids I've rarely seen around school and more kids that I don't know. The bus drives an abysmal, strange distance; we are unloaded and guided single file into a glass building, met with strangers with friendly smiles, then led down the jarringly white hallway. At the other end of the hallway there are three doors: one is an entrance to the large basketball court, the second is a room where children can place their belongings, and the room we are being guided into is an exhibit, full of children. We are told, essentially, “good luck” and the door is closed behind the last of us, me. I remember standing around the room with the kids I was beginning to feel familiar with, only to then be forced to separate and diluted into the mass of children with vague faces. I’m standing alone, standing as all the other kids are playing, gathering around games at one of the many nearby tables, congregating as children do. I’m standing near the window, looking around, looking for an entrance point into friendship, an exit from isolation. There is only so much time before you never acclimate; until you become the role, and miss too many social cues. It would have only taken one innocently evil child to point me out and ostracize me, and not a moment later, a child walks up to me with a supervisory adult and says, “He’s the one who stole from me.” or perhaps, “This is the one that hit me.” I’m guilty. The woman takes the two of us back through the white hallway and into her office, we sit beside each other and I wait for my punishment. I’m already a victim, and I'm confused, and I've exclaimed my innocence but I have the appearance of an obvious liar; I’m at a loss for words, and it’s all happened too quickly: I walk into a room full of children, I turn around, I'm pointed out and then dragged away for my crimes. 
Sitting beside the other kid, my enemy, the liar, he turns to me and says, “She always has cake on Wednesdays; this way, we can both get some.”. A moment later, the supervisory woman comes back with two paper plates and plastic utensils, chocolate ice cream cake, and we are told: to eat our cake in silence, and afterward apologize to one another, to go back into the other room and don’t tell the other kids about the treat we’ve been given. The child next to me was brilliant, and if I remember correctly we became friends, me as his protégé, then eventual equal until he left the after school program and lived his life, elsewhere, fairly soon after. 
At this facility from my childhood, this is where I learned to swim, where I made my second group of best friends: one for school and then the other, where through the woods and over the stream, I could only meet them after I've traveled on the white bus. This facility from my childhood is where I'd spend my summers fighting with my friends, running through the summer heat and witnessing the mirages above the distant grass. The counselors and guardians of the children have such a dear place in my heart because they were perfect encouragers of innocence and freedom, away from the violent city that compels children to harm one another. I had girls that I liked and that liked me in turn; and it would take all that I had to build the courage to hold hands with them during summer, where at the end of summer, even more courage was divined to write a letter confessing my love. I had boys where we’d all determine the best between us based on how fast we could run, how well we could win at games, where we’d admire and mimic the boy who could throw a perfect spiral, or fight with if we didn’t like each other. Friendship at the time would last forever; after school, after living in the city, after growing rapidly as children ought; where the next time we saw each other, the next lifetime, we would dive back into the stream of eternal youth as cherubs and play.
On my walk home, past this building that looks like the other from my childhood, this perfectly ordinary building that has displaced me in time for a moment, I assure myself that the next time, when I have my wallet and identification, I'll go inside and swim.

Chapter

    “I mean, well… it wasn’t a particularly glamorous time in my life. I was hungry and underweight most of the time…. Perfect picture of gaunt and I’d look in the mirror at my torso, and I’d be thinking I was in the best shape of my life. Once I finally escaped from homelessness, I gained twenty pounds in a couple of days; but what do you want to know?”
    “The worst thing you had seen?”
    “Worst thing…I suppose, myself. I’d see people who were just as young as me, who looked no different than me, sitting outside of buildings. I’d see a perfect reflection; children sometimes, but mostly young men, and you could see it in their gaze and I’m sure they saw the same in my own; we’d recognize each other. I can still see these penetrating dark brown eyes, watching me as I thought I was incognito; because I'd go into universities, or restaurants, and I'd use their bathrooms to clean myself up before the day. I’d go into the private bathrooms and I'd use handfuls of water and soap. I’d be standing there naked before the mirror frantically cleaning myself, shivering... I’d have to get up before the coming day, or wait til it died away again if I wanted to use the bathroom, to avoid being seen by too many people too often. The very worst thing I've seen… I know you aren’t eating, but will you drink with me? I’d hate to do it alone.”
    “I’ll have a glass.”
    “What about you? I’m always sharing my stories, give me something good.”
    “I don’t have any very good stories. Two prominent ones are: hiding from my parents, and being beaten. I’ve got this… vivid memory of taking my mother’s eyelash curler and running under a table, and feeling…outside of time and hidden. The table was…  I think it was at a party, at a relatives house; maybe even here? Was it here? Anyways, everyone gathered in the other room, perhaps in the kitchen around a birthday cake, some general festivities in the livelier part of the house. As a child, I see my mother’s open bag of makeup on the table like some cornucopia of forbidden fruit, and I grab the first thing I see, sneak from prying eyes, into the dark. I remember how the women in my family would complement and dote upon me over my long eyelashes; and underneath this table with a cloth draped over, where I have to push my way through this thick canvas cloth that seemed endless...and I’m under the table in the darker room and in my hand, lo-behold, an instrument to make my eyelashes even prettier.
    “Then, a few years later, I’m being pulled off from underneath a boy; the parent barging in, yelling, and the two of us being terrified. I’m thrown out of the house, and their parent tells my parents; so I'm awaiting my father’s return. Strikingly, the thing he was the most mad about was that the boy was on top of me. He says, as I’m looking up at him, cowering in the bathtub, he says, ‘Never let another man get on top of you!’. He’s ashamed, and telling me, just shame; and disgust…I’m sitting in the tub, watching him shave, and this may be the only time that I watched my father shave, and I now think of this every time I shave in the mirror: he’s yelling at me, standing in front of the mirror, standing in front of the only door, chastising me through the reflection; he throws something at me and the memory ends. I think it gets worse.
    “What else…I remember every time I was alone with a boy, we’d experiment, and then seeing the same men as adults; and there's this mutual understanding to never speak a word of it, or at least don’t bring up the other’s name if we’re childhood friends, right? Another boy, or man, at the time, arrives late, and the people I’m standing with are happy to see him, I’m the only one there not related by blood or marriage. So the men ask the late arrival how’s he been fairing with women, how many he’s…and this is the same boy, from so many years ago, that I was in that very basement, experimenting with in the dark before the light of the TV; and he’s bragging, really layering himself with the bravado, and as he walks away, his relatives, the men I’m standing with, begin mocking him, essentially; knowing him to be, I don’t know. And it’s ironic because I heard just as many very credible stories of their own homoerotic explorations with each other when we were all younger. But before the late arrival walks away, we make eye contact. My sister asks, when I told her these stories, my story, her first instinct to ask was, ‘Who?’; who the other boys were, and I'd get real vague, ‘Oh, I don’t remember.’.
    “And then high school comes around and everyone is hyper focused on the rite of passage, the transition from child into something else, where those who are left behind are, as they should be, shamed. I remember telling my friends, admitting to them that I had still been a virgin, while one by one…how does this look, should I cook it longer?”
    “Not too much longer, just flip it and lower the flame. Grab us few glasses from up there.”
    “Thanks. What kind of wine is this?”
    “Finish your story.”
    “Right, so, high school? High School. So, my friends and I are questing for sex, essentially. One by one, I'm being backed into a corner, and my friends who went to other schools, they had girlfriends and they’re the…personification of kiss-and-tell: ‘I’ve climbed the holy mountain, hear my tale.’. I remember being jealous that they got girls willing to do these things for them, jealous that they had sex before me; because in my mind, I was completely convinced that what I had been doing with boys years and years before as a child, didn’t have the same merit. The rite of passage as a boy was to have sex with a girl, otherwise you were still a virgin. And only until I lost my virginity later, at the end of high school; and then one day with my girlfriend during high school we walk past the man I got in trouble with so many years before, and when I see him, I’m  anxious that, I’m not sure, that my secret would be found out. Only then did I begin to realize: a lot of my anxiety is self inflicted.”
    “Help me up, my dear.'' My uncle struggles to initiate, struggling to get up from his seat in his frailty. 
In front of the fireplace with the window behind us, I continue.
    “Now, I’ll see a beautiful women in the distance… I’ve been meaning to ask you, well, ‘beautiful women’? But I’ll see a woman in the distance and then realize that it’s a man; and now I don't think very much of it. Beauty is beauty. But I was going to ask for another word to describe women instead of beautiful. I was talking to this woman the other day and I felt that I sounded as all before me have sounded, ‘I think you're beautiful’. There’s hardly any traces of myself in there. But this was the first time seeing her and I didn't want to list, in some state of mania, all the features of her that I found appealing. I kept it at, ‘I love your hair’ and, ‘you’re beautiful’, ‘funny’, general stuff.”
    “Beautiful is an umbrella term with a bunch of nuance embedded into it. Not only is it to be pleasing to look at, or graceful, but also how it’s been used. A Beautiful painting. You wouldn't call a meal beautiful, although what you’ve cooked... Thank you.” My uncle says, palming my cheek in his hand for a moment. “But with women, they seem to enjoy it, or are tired of it and smile. It’s safe enough to convey the message of, ‘I desire you.’ without overt sexuality. Was she very beautiful?”
    “She was. Dark complexion. Short hair. You know, it's funny. I seem to really enjoy women that look like men, and men that look like women. What’s even funnier, well, she was handsome but without overt masculinity, she had great cheekbones… but listen, the reason I thought she was a man was because of this series of the strangest things that I saw. I’m sitting down and a biker comes before me, white shirt, black shorts, biking. They disappear behind a tree; I wasn't really studying them, so I supposed they were moving laterally in that direction, so that from my perspective they disappeared. But as soon as they disappeared behind the tree, not a moment later, another exact biker came from the same direction as the first with the same pace and generality, but the first was masculine while the one now, in front of me, has the body of a woman. In the moment, I'm thinking they’re a matching couple but the man is never seen again while the woman unmounts her bike and lies in the grass. As I'm staring at her, honest to God, there are moments where she looks to be on either side of androgyny. “
    “Invite her for dinner!”
    “Well, she hasn’t messaged me back.”
    “Ah. The charm of women.”

Chapter

The Internet has this side to it where unless you are on it, famous in the spectral city, even for a day, then that’s all that matters; or at least people behave as such. They are willing to throw away themselves and their dignity, starve their corporal bodies for divinity. There’s this passive submission to the audience, exposing yourself and fixing yourself; the cat in the chamber with half-life poison, revealing the opening to its own probable coffin. “Unless I am seen on the Internet, unless I’ve recorded my life, it’s probable it didn’t happen, because otherwise where is the proof,” amen. It’s two factions, it always seems to be two. With atheism and those that believe in any manifestation of the other, where only the adversary is foolish. Sometimes I think we’ve done it, we’ve done the great scientific feat, where all the proto-scientists have failed, what all of Man, Gilgamesh himself included, have sought after: immortality. Is the Internet the uploading of your identity so that it can live forever while the mortal vessel fades; is it truly that simple. If it’s recording how you smile, what you smile at, your misery, the way you have sex, completely debasing yourself before the camera to create a perfect record of your soul, is that not exactly what we’ve seen in science fiction movies. 
Artificial intelligence, to some, seems to be an agglomeration of the small human feats and ways of thinking, artistic pursuits, and madnesses of Man, while others describe the internet as synaptic mimicry of an all encompassing holographic brain: the mind of the artificial man. It all seems very coincidental and perfectly fitting, which would make all the unbelievers dead and destroyed in the lake of fire, where we die corporally and then suffer the second death forever; while those who’ve been uploaded live forever in their best state.
I think it’s a perfect mirror of the modern Man and our problem with God, because if the Internet is our immortality, I don't want any part of it. 
I wonder what Marcus thinks? 

Chapter

It was supposed to rain today but instead the air is thick with mist, and the lights shining down on the baseball field, as the children begin their game, look to be peering through diluted milk. Families of lone mothers and bunches of small children, and families with fathers screaming near the yellow diamond, gather and wait. I have thought of having children of my own, but when I see parents they seem to be waiting for their children to grow up before they can continue living their own lives. It reminds me of the beginning of Planet of the Apes, where the actor from The Agony and the Ecstasy goes into the time chamber, awakes and he’s aged very little, with longer hair and a beard, while the young woman in the same time has completely grown decrepit. 
The older people get, the slower they seem to age. There are the three ages: being a child is the shortest, and then young adulthood and then it begins to fade if you aren’t especially careful and vain; young adulthood becomes young adulthood with gray in your hair, and knees that are more audible, with inexplicable scars, and less time; after being young and then passably young, you are old until. 
I’m not sure how it is to be very old, but at my age it seems everyone who is my age looks too young to be born of the same year, while everyone older than me is obviously older. I feel isolated and original; even though there is someone born at the exact time, may even have been born at the same hospital and placed alongside my incubation chamber, but my perspective feels to be a node while everything else, and the people in it, age around me; all until I look in the mirror. When I look in the mirror, I remember my sudden back pains, and worse pains in my shins, habits that have taken time to develop. The days that I let pass by, secluded behind the window, seem to be growing. 
What do I want? I’m looking around for what I don't know I've lost. I’m looking for something that Man has said needs to be found, and I've been swept up in the crusade. What is the object that when I hold it in my hands, I will stop feeling anxious?
The rest of the park is nearly abandoned, for it’s getting cold and blue, and very well may rain. By the time I've left the park toward home, the sky has blackened above me.

Chapter

    “Kwaidan and Dreams. We did a double-feature.” Jessica answers, looking for a moment into the eyes of Jasmine, finding them, and then returning my gaze. “Kwaidan is probably my new favorite. Dreams has one of the best openings I've seen. The rhythm in the movie reminds me of watching water seep out from your cupped palms, like this. Dreams is to Photography, as Kwaidan is to Art Direction.”
    “They both had the Snow Women motif. I just felt so bad, it reminded me of Wizard of Oz and asbestos; when I saw Dreams’ snow scene. You liked Kwaidan better?” Jasmine asks.
    “Hoichi, the set background paintings, the designs for the whole of the movie give it the edge; for me. I’ve no clue how they did it, it seems they figured out how to paint the sky and built the movie around it. The sea battle scene was perfectly done…  Hoichi, with the Heart Sutra painted on his skin! It’s the first thing you see when you look the movie up, and you think, ‘All right, this movie’s got some great scenes in it.’ but you’ve already seen something and doubt that when the scene comes up to… explain why his face appears to be heavily tattooed, you're expecting to be let down. ‘Whatever’s in my mind is going to be better than what they’ve written in the script.’ because it’s so great; but I was still blown away as if I didn’t entirely expect the scene to come when it did. I will say, Dreams’ depiction of the dead was better, though.”
    “I loved the tunnel scene...” Jasmine lays her head on the lap of Jessica, the latter unconsciously brushing her fingers through her scalp. They’re talking to themselves and each other; I'm eating a small orange. Jasmine continues, “The make-up was perfect. Perfect. Kwaidan had the better snow woman but the demons in Dreams had more terrifying imagery than everything in Kwaidan, right?” she looks up into Jessica's eyes, expectantly, convincingly.
    “It was very good, but Hoichi’s part alone, especially the end... You are forgetting the end;  I think it outpaces the horror in the hellscape of Dreams. God, now I can’t choose.”
    “What should we watch next?”
    “I’ve been thinking about Paths of Glory and All Quiet on the Western Front.” Jessica’s forearm rests over Jasmine’s neck while the latter rests both her palms over it; I'm eating a banana that has gotten too warm. 
    “And then my favorite, Faust?”
    “You’ve seen that, though.”
    “Faust and Belladonna of Sadness double-feature? Or the stop-motion Faust, we haven’t seen that one.” Jasmine persists.
    “Maybe.”
    “Can I come to the next one?”
    “You were supposed to come to the last one.” Jessica reminds me. I’ve known Jessica for less time between the couple, but to anyone who didn’t know us they’d mistake us, the three of us, as the closest of friends. The closest of friends to the observer but in my heart I still feel the need to ask for participation and allowance. I always feel that I overstay my welcome, though I never seem to with Jessica and Jasmine.
    “I know. I’ve been getting my days mixed up.”
    “What are you doing tomorrow?” Jasmine.
    “Well, nothing. So, tomorrow?”
    “You should sleep over, see? This way you can’t forget.” Jessica.
    “I won’t forget, I promise.”
They both hold out their pinkies and with either of mine I sacredly swear.

Chapter

The night after and before my reunion with Jessica and Jasmine, I'm sitting in my room, watching the day come. My window becomes more noticeably blue and white, only changing when I look away from it.
I feel so tired despite my inability to fall asleep. The feeling right before falling asleep reminds me of coming down from a high, or sobering up for the night. I remember getting drunk, the next day when I woke up after drinking on an empty stomach, I’m lying awake and my soul and body are trying to keep up with one another like two koi fish. The nausea was amusing and I remember refusing to drink water, much less move, because I wanted the feeling to last; I wanted to sear the memory, the sensation in my mind for when I’m old. There are moments all throughout my life where I'll consciously imprint the moment upon my long-term memory, despite its banality, so that I can use it as a reference point when I can't remember much else. I do this imprinting to slow down my life, to force myself to extend the moment of the memory and relish in it, to recline.
Right before I'm unable to stay awake I'm extremely aware of my extremities, my hands and my legs seem to almost move of their own will. The room around me is a soft, delicate and pale teal, the light reflecting off of my nude form. I’m aware of the strain in my eyes, the point of imbalance behind my eyes, how slowly I'm breathing and how heavy my body is. When I'm dead and sleeping forever, how will I look? The last wake I attended, the woman in the casket, surrounded by yellow and white, roses and lilies, looked blue and white; she looked too young.
I’m on the computer, watching a sport being played, and there is a zoom-in on the interaction between two players who are world famous. But in the background, uncanny digital people populate the stands, I suppose they couldn’t afford real bodies. The players themselves are wearing form-fitting microfiber, a layer of synthetic muscle. There’s a disembodied voice booming over the video, narrating the actions of the players that they seem unable to hear. Videos seem to be getting shorter and shorter, my patience for videos and movies that are long, unless they are very exceptional, is getting thinner and thinner. The extremely short videos seem to be made as reflections of boredom: a boring video to watch because you are bored, and that’s why you are watching it. The very long videos seem too convoluted, or overly clever. First I’ll look down to see how long the movie is, and if it's three hours of my life, then I hope it’s more clever than convoluted. Movies fail because they have to have plots, while the very experimental ones without them, the very absurdist, surrealist, (where surrealism is red dye inked into a glass of clear water of absurdism), these movies seem to especially succeed because of the lack of expectation; they are aware that they are using your time, and just saying, “Here”, a gesture, instead of, “Understand?”, a demand. But movies, even though they aren’t better than books, are such an excellent medium for the Today, for the Future. The audience says, “Give me all the ideas, visually and quickly, with great music, make the acting adequate and I'll call you: masterpiece.” even if it's very ordinary. While books, good God, have so much beauty and it’s worth every minute spent reading but they ask for so many minutes and hours in exchange. Actors, with the disembodied voice directing them but unheard by the audience, love themselves so much, and the best actors seem to be nobody; names I’ve never heard of nor will see again. The anonymous give their best effort, beyond the best effort, because it is all they have. I’ve noticed with famous people who act, that they believe themselves to have absorbed a small part of the roles they perform, like they’ve been possessed, and what made the character so special has lingered within; because they share the same face. Actors who behave as if they are possessed can be readily found among those who accept the mantle of ‘Genius’ in their movies: the most ridiculous, embarrassing thing to be called in the modern world because of how overwhelmingly fraudulent the claims always are; every single time; without fail. Actors play the genius, and say to themselves where it’s reflected in their face, “The reason I was so convincing is because it's true”. I suppose being that genius, and the origins of the word, ‘Spirit’, and actors acting, there is some convoluted truth and nobility in it, but it's lost upon me. Genius is a scar on society; there is a visible mark, where before and after, a physical and demonstrative change in appearance illustrates what they’ve affected. The Internet shows me brilliance, and it shows me the very great, and they are one of eight. The world has never had more greatness and nothing is changing. Or it’s changing at such a rate that it’s irrelevant. All of us are bored, waiting for a genius to come save us. Or maybe, again, the genius has already come, and there are so many of them that they are now irrelevant, an obsolete product of another century.  
I look away from my computer and the room is silver and white.
I hear my name being called from downstairs. I get to the door of my uncle’s bedroom, asking for permission to come inside. He informs me he needs help getting into the bathroom. Usually, in moments like this, he’s dignified but now he’s in pain. He closes the bathroom door between us, and I hear him groaning and crying; and defecating. I leave to give him a semblance of privacy, knowing that he’ll call me momentarily to help him back into bed. I’m staring at the bedroom door, aware of his and my own mortality. I realize I must be here to watch him die, what else can I do? I help him back to bed, nearly carrying him and realizing how light he has become, how he doesn’t even have enough strength to stay awake the moment I lay him to rest. I use a few minutes to bring close: a garbage pail, some fruit, and the pills he takes with his food where they are all within reach when he wakes again. I leave a glass of water atop of the wooden table near the right side of his bed and sit on the chair against the wall, facing him, nearest the bedroom entrance. My uncle seems to have regained peace in his sleep and his shallow and smooth breathing can be observed, but I watch in case he needs me. In the back of my mind, some intuition tells me to check the bathroom, the toilet to see if there was blood in his stool, or blood in the sink: some sign that he’s hidden, illustrating his urgent need of medical attention. The bathroom is clean, with obvious character and use but clean. The rugs on the floor are swept near the clawfoot tub, the multiple plastic bottles of soap along the sink, the bar of soap on the sill of the window, the drawn shower curtain, the empty toilet paper holster and the full roll of toilet paper beside it. The mopped tessellated tile floor, and the wiped mirror, and the organized magazines behind the toilet; the bird’s song behind the window. I leave the bathroom, leave his bedroom, and go back upstairs. Did I want to find something ominous in his bathroom? Why would I look as hard as I did? Did I look hard enough?
As soon as his health began to fail him and his age betray him, I needed a place to stay. What a coincidence. 

Chapter

I’m sitting behind the two of them, the two lovers. Jessica idly plays with Jasmine and her hair, some casual gesture with the back of her neck; Jasmine gets annoyed, pushing her hands away. They eventually settle into each other, the movie before the three of us continues.
I look down at my phone, expecting someone for me to appear, expecting and waiting for someone to remember me. What am I consistently doing wrong that the people I approach don’t want anything to do with me? I, crestfallen and somber, and dully inspired; there’s this glimmer of possibility: maybe I'll fall in love again. 
I hear those stories about whomever and they’ve been married twice, or three times, or four times, and there are plenty with more numerous successes, and that’s all I see it as: success. To fall in love again? That seems impossible. Man is just as sure of science as we are skeptical of love; where empathy and compassion are little more than an addendum. Too many millions of people who have never witnessed love, and many, many more who thought they were in love only to be tragically foolish in the end.
Love. Love. Another person who will stay with you or fight with you. Another person who will hold your secrets. Another who will kiss your neck. More than pheromones and genetic predisposition, more than animality and lust but genuine and improbable love: absolution incarnate; where, it’s can only be providence to have experienced more than once. They met another, allowed themselves the risk of humiliation, have fallen to degradation, begun to trust and truly understand another person outside of their ego, and then they have fallen in love. Fallen in love and then failed. The relationship dissolves, precarious tearing, where if done improperly, the other, which I hear of so often, can be brutalized: even if everything goes perfectly, and they don’t decide to disengage their lives with the one they been binded with symbolically, symbiotically, one can still be at the wrong end of a bludgeoning; the wrong end of thumbs against a windpipe; the wrong end of decapitation; yet these people have tried again.
I’m trying again, I really am, but I've been isolated. I've walked to the end of the peninsula and can only see misery while the way back, to try again, is insurmountable. It’s not the lack of sex, because I could pay for sex if I wanted to although that has never been something I could imagine being aroused by, for I am too sensitive; if I have to pay another to love me, or to fuck me, then I’ve gone the wrong direction, I’m swimming in the sea of misery, instead. I’ve had two separate dreams this week, at the end of the dream I’m laying my head on the lap of a woman, and in the other dream I’m holding the hand of another woman as we lie down to die before I wake. These dreams, perfect reflections of my attitude toward women and love: I’d rather be pathetically in love. 
And that may be why I'm failing or at least it’s a reason amongst many; who has time for love today? Maybe I'm not worth the risk of heartache or worth the time at all.  Maybe love is a numbers game. Maybe, after the fourth marriage, I will finally find true love. Maybe all it takes to see the face of God is to try one more time. Maybe I should broaden my horizons.

As soon as the first movie ends, one of them goes to the bathroom while the other into the kitchen to get more food and sociable drugs for the three of us. After the reunion, the second movie starts.

Maybe there is no time for love anymore. Maybe the numerous marriages are just practicality; where love is just endurance and sacrifice, the name of the tool you use to defend against loneliness. I’m too romantic, I'm too hopeful and it can be seen in my eyes by people I approach, expectantly hoping for the myth to be realized. I’ve got all these memories that become sweeter, riper with time of my failed marriage but the marriage failed for a reason. The reason I am alone is because I can't be endured, I'm not worth the expenditure. 
I’ll read on the Internet, “Would you date yourself?” written somewhere indistinct. Not only questioning if I am capable of being loved, if that is the agreed upon, idealized end but asking if I can be honest with my own innumerable faults to the point of depersonalization, where I examine myself with truth, and in the guise of another the Me; agree let them into my life, into my body. At the end of life when an overwhelming majority of us are alone, the vast, vast majority because they didn’t find true love, am I the one I’d want in front of me as the other; knowing all that I do about myself? Am I selfless enough to share my time and my life in the most honest sense? Can I be honest? Do I know how to be honest; would I run from another who is? If I can’t be honest, I, the one I will ever know, in the heart of my heart how can I expect this impossibility from another? There lies prudence in the assumption of betrayal.
Betrayal in the sense of the mother securing her own life mask in disaster, before the mask of her child. 
Betrayal as abortion because of mortal threat.
Betrayal at its most innocent.
Betrayal when there is no option.
Betrayal because you only get one life.
Betrayal on accident.
Betrayal only from the perspective of the victim. 
Tragic betrayal. 
There probably isn’t love, and Jasmine and Jessica are just perfect companions, and that is enough. My love life keeps failing because I keep looking through the already opened chest, grave digging for vampires, doing something absurd. My love life keeps failing because there isn’t love; there is just enough time to prepare for death. Death, for she is coming, and for so many, I'm not their matching pair for the end, I’m not the resource they are looking for, I'm not the one they want to console them when they are found. I keep thinking about the wake I went to, where the woman’s husband outlives her, and his own health seemed to be fading before her own began to; so in their shared end, they are holding each other, waiting to see who will suffer less, who will go first, and in whom’s eyes where lain the answer when they are out of time. I remember seeing the husband who outlived his wife, that died too young, at the procession: how the husband faired, knowing all were looking between him and the soon cremated lover; where he must have, as I did, hear the whispers of prediction that he would soon leave the world, himself. Seeing the solemnity disguised as pride, or the honest face of mortality, I am unable to imagine having my own lover who will preside over me, and my corpse.

    “I was thinking, we should head over to my friend's house. I’ve been making these cute little costumes because we are putting together a play.”
    “That sounds fun. You’ve already finished rehearsals?” I’m standing near the door, struggling to put on my shoes while Jessica and I are waiting for Jasmine to come out of the bathroom.
    “They’re apparently still writing it. All this urgency for the costumes, which I doubt we will use, and they haven’t done their part.”
    “You mind if I wait downstairs for my ride?”
    “No, I meant you should come with us. I think you’d really like them, they're some of my favorite people. “
    “I don’t know…”
    “You don’t know what? You’re leaving?” Jasmine asks, turning between the two of us, waiting for our answers.”
    “We’re going to Sammy’s.”
    “I love Sammy. And we’re all going?”
    “Sure.” I agree.
    “Are we bringing the stuff you made and …wait, let me grab something.”
    “No, I'm still working. Sammy’s still writing. He’s always writing, always finishing something he’s supposedly written.” 
    “Is his writing very good?”
    “I didn’t know he was serious about writing until this play. Come and judge for yourself.”
    “Ok. Let’s go, I've got everything I need. You’ve got your keys, right?”
    “Where are yours?” Jessica asks.
    “Never mind. I’ll lock up; go and I'll meet you downstairs.”

Book III

Chapter

I’m waiting for night, waiting to be alone, waiting for the blues that have gone from powder in the sky to bruise. I woke up after midnight, searching for the moon and I found her waiting for me, gayly smiling in the sky. I decided to go out again despite the fact that I wouldn't return accidentally. There’s an overly fat woman walking her dog in the dark, a group of kids standing amidst tree groupings, and another version of myself walking in the opposite direction; those are the only people I encounter while walking deeper, deeper into the darkness, the parts of the forest that is the navel of a cemetery.  
I live more than a few kilometer away but this is by far the densest, blackest forest in the city; where directly across the street in one direction you can find a row of houses that have turned into apartments and in another you can find one of two bus stops and a popular gas station. I’d eaten gas station food a few days ago and suffered the consequences: instantly throwing up and violently shitting in the dark; on the other side of the undergrowth, where the hill of shrubbery and roots becomes a valley. As soon as I had finished eating, and it may have been too much dairy but more likely food poisoning, I felt I was going to be sick. I often feel that way when eating too quickly or eating too much; I get sick of eating food before eating, sometimes, and I especially hate eating in front of people and their greedy eyes. But after I finished the food, a few paces later, it and the acid inside me pushed against my teeth and underneath my tongue, into my cavities and out my mouth. Within the hour, after feeling a little better, I'm rushing with handfuls of wet and cold clay and soil, clawing at the ground to make a hole because I know it’s coming. I strip off all my clothes so that I'm not the man you pass, three in the morning, that smells of shit, roaming away from eyes like a predator; and toss my shirt and jeans with the leather buckle laced in them, my boots with my socks, all on top of my jacket. With my feet shoulder length apart, I've got my asshole nearly to the earth. I can hear it and feel it climbing out of me; I can smell what I've borne, full of life and a lack of time, for it splatters around helplessly crying. After cleaning, and scrubbing my hands and clearing the underneath of my fingernails of mud and dirt, I made my way home, back into the light of the city.
But tonight, after waking, I spend a little time near the lake, in a group of shadows made by the sloping beach, the greenery growing alongside the fence, and the distance from a light source. Staring out, into the water and its surface gently disturbs; I can't help but admire Jesus and his miracles. By the time the sun began to rise, I went home, cleaned the apartment, said, ‘Good morning.’ to my smiling mother as she began to get ready for work, and waited for the day to transition. After the sun, I left again; and after the fat woman with her dog disappeared behind me, and I walk away from the standing group among the trees, the very few others, I begin to disappear. At nearly every turn one can disappear. The trees force you to forget the world outside of your immediacy: the grass and undergrowth, the trees with their double leaves of lime and emerald, the other trees with their flowers of magenta and pale yellow, and still more trees that have little white flowers with freckles that at the touch feel brittle and fake; before you understand how long you’ve been walking, a jaw of fertility, not unlike the anglerfish, has closed.

Chapter

I’ve gotten so old. I have a memory where I'm looking down at myself, and my genitilia, as a young boy; and then another where I'm seeing the first hairs, very few and desperate and lonely, and black. I am still growing hair, I've got whispers of it on my chest and neck; along my navel, a prefiguration of another man. I’m not out of my twenties, and I'm hardly near their end, but I've lived so long. 
I remember asking my mother, the two of us sitting in a car, I asked her, in the moment of sobering mortality, hoping she’d be honest: “How do you not get tired of living?”; and she gave an answer but many months later, more recently, she’s given another. She isn’t very old but she’s resigned herself to fate. If she has gotten tired of living, where she’s lived my whole life and again, with years to spare, I fear that life before me, will be a series of: boredom, misery, and agony. I admire her, my mother, because she’s been living, truly living, the way people dream of living; and that portends moments that are desirable, days that await that one couldn’t predict, the best days of their life, the genuine start of life. I’m at the age where I am the man I'll be the rest of my life if I don't change, and I'll see people with decades layered on my own, where I’m peering at the repulsive: a fate of being still and infirm, unripe like an abortion. 
I’ve nearly had the same mind my whole life, the same wonder: I’m still grabbing handfuls of leaves off of trees, I’m still staring at the rows of green after the winter, I’m still running in the too cold nights when it snows, I’m still crying in the black forest. My dick gets hard all the time, and I want to fuck all the time; I want to fuck women all the time, but only after I’ve gotten to know them, only after I’ve gotten comfortable with them, only after I can trust them to reveal myself but not too much, just my nude form.
Someone asked me, and this conversation resulted in a charmless, pedantic fight with perfect strangers, madness and disrespect because of its simplicity, he asks, “So what, you just want to go around your whole life fucking women and never getting married?” We are both incredulous at the question, its absurdity, but from differing appreciations, myself: because of its perfect paradise; and himself: because of its emptiness.  
The fight with these perfect strangers came about because I exclaimed my love for women and they wanted to pollute it, impose and imply that it was some insidious, sexually devious, lust, and not love; but genuinely: I love their laugh, and I love holding hands with them in the winter, with their hand in my pocket, I love their breath and when it’s against me, I love their fucking soft skin, I love their differing grades of hair, I love their gaze, I love their form; their hips, their asses, their stomachs, their clavicles, their waist, their charm, their knowing. I love their coldness, I love their attitudes, I love their egos, I love the pursuit of women even when I fail, I love being surprised when I succeed with women, I love finding myself in dream, be it in waking life or not, where I’m in bed and she’s comfortable with me. I love women: I love how funny they are sometimes, I love smiling with them, I love them when they love me, I love women. I love women, I love their guile. I was walking for the love of it and a women gets out of her car, she in black and her car just as morose, she’s wearing this form fitting outfit, and there is this dubious moment, less than a flash, where as she’s getting out she’s looking around but in a fluid moment, a moment that makes you doubt the one you saw before, déjà vu; she gets out of the car and begins to open the backdoor behind the driver seat. She’s about to reach into the car, bending over, and in a moment of hesitation her sudden stillness draws my eye back to her. She peers into the black mirror, knowing, and we make eye contact. Intuition; looking into the looking glass and seeing lust, or admiration, or curiosity, or desire, but ultimately love.
There’s another memory where I'm sitting in the library and I guess correctly but unconsciously that I am being watched. I look up from the book without purpose and my eyes lock with another’s. She’s sitting in this enclave where there is a cleft in the wall for the bench, so that she’s nearly invisible, peering with one eye out of reality. She’s been watching me. She’s been watching me, and I caught her. She makes this overly obvious gesture to save face and leaves the library. 
In this library that I frequent, there is another fond memory where this gorgeous, full figured woman seems to be staring at the door as I’ve entered the library, so it’s this preternatural gaze, and I’m confused because it’s like she’s been waiting for me; staring at me as I make my way to the bathroom. I return out of the bathroom disillusioned because of my new found indistinguishability and uninterest from her, so I go about looking for nothing, looking for the history of picture making, looking for colors or inspiration, looking for life in the pages, the life of another from long ago where their name is printed the spine, and I look up and she’s walking all along the edges of the library, heading toward me, but never looking at me; until she gets very, very close, so close that my confusion returns. She walks past me and back all around the library without purpose, then out and away forever. With just eye contact this woman I’ve never known thereafter or before has become the only other person in the world; until she, Eve, disappears away from me. 
There’s something about older women. Actresses that are very attractive in their young womanhood are magnetic in their older, natural, age. What isn’t there to love about women, betrayal? Heartbreak? Murder? Lies and accusations? Other than the things that can destroy a man, I am coming up blank. Be like Klimt, where women love you and are willing to undress for you because of the joint understanding of their vitality, because of the casual awareness of their immutability, originality. Be charming and if she lies, lie beside her. I’ve flirted with the prospect of giving my heart to a woman and recoiled before it was too late, or snatched it back and left in the night after going through their phone. Murder? Murdering women has a terrible, trite and tired look, unless for self-preservation; but to count yourself amongst those who venture in murdering women isn’t counting yourself among the notorious and the demonic, but only the very pathetic. To be betrayed by a woman is proof of life, and I'd rather be living than dead. I’d rather sit in my bed as a boy at the start of summer and cry the length of it because my girlfriend from eighth grade doesn’t love me anymore. I’d rather sit in another bed of another woman who’s promised me her heart in exchange for my artificial one. I’d rather wander at night, alone in the dark of the forest, alone again for years. I’d rather masturbate all day at the thought, the sight, the glance of a woman, than be dead; and I’d rather fuck all night. I want to live, and to live is to be with women. I’d rather walk the beach alone while it’s still very cold. I’d rather walk alone, with the hope for love and lust, than die and never see a woman again. 

Chapter

Someone likened my love for Woman to “idolatry”, although it would have merit, it is very far from the truth. What else is there to do on earth besides, what else is worth dying for besides; what do we groom ourselves and posture with one another for besides the moment when you are finally alone with her?
There’s only one thing that I've discovered that is a worthy distraction from women or love, and it’s-
    “Hey Marcus.”
    “Andre. It’s good to see you.”
    “You know I, uh, was just thinking about you.”
    “And here I am. What of me were you thinking about?”
    “Well, mostly our…what we were talking about. What you said.”
    “Where were you headed?”
    “Home, but after I drop Micah off do you want to meet later? When are you free?”
    “I’m free now.”
    “All right. I’ll see you in half an hour.” 
Andre disappears around the bend, where thick green vines with small delicate purple flowers have possessed the gate, creating a wall taller than myself, a wall of life. Through the red tunnel of grapevines there lies a reminder of Death; a memorial gravesite that at one point hosted the picture and tale of a slain child, but now the tree only bears the cross. The yellow weeds are beginning to fade and next to the gravesite there’s a black, newly painted bench with a man sitting there. In the grass right before him, there is something strange that I notice because he seems to be hiding his anxiety, hoping no one else notices what he had been staring at, what he had been secretly coveting. Before the man and below my feet as I pass over it, is a pelvis of a very small child, long decayed, dirty brown and yellow; it’s almost too small to be human. After the second passing glance, I can no better discern what it is. I continue walking toward my destination: the far side of the trees away from the rest of the park, where the grass is tallest, the earth most bare.
I crouch down and see bleached bones that are most likely animal, even extremely likely, but they could also be wrist and knuckle bones of a man, for when I compare with my own hand, they are a match. I gather all that I can see, sifting through the hard soil around the nearest roots of the tree, discerning dead leaves and faded paper from bone because they all look so similar when this close. After ensuring I've gotten all that I've come for, I continue through the park toward a grouping of Canadian plum trees, lie in the grass and await Andre and his return. 
To my right, the tree is rippling in the wind, a thousand of a thousand leaves spinning, weighted branches drooping, and animated vitality all through the very tall near-immortal, where there is more green interrupting the faint blue sky that I can see. 
To my left, is black momentarily and then red, for the sun is too brilliant and warm, the sky as cold as the air and blue.
Before I’ve been waiting too long, before I've gotten too cold, Andre returns and sits next to me underneath white blossoms. Before my eyes close again, I see that he’s idly pulling grass between his legs. He sits with me as I listen to the wind; and the falsetto laughter from children, likely brother and sister, playing soccer near their mother and gray dog.
    “I've been listening to Sade. All last night. A few songs, but the album I’m listening to is nearly perfect.”
    “How many songs on the album?”
    “Nine. Nigeria has contributed enough great music through Sade, where they can retire and live off their laurels for the next few centuries.”
    “What’s your favorite song on the album?”
    “That's what I'm saying, they're nearly all that good. Even the ones that I don’t like; they compliment the composition where without them, the rest of the songs...um. Have you eaten today?”
    “No, I'm fasting.”
    “Remember what I told you a few days ago, about the man that I saw? The-”
    “Which man?”
    “The… man in white, with the pale skin, penetrating knowing eyes. I saw him again. Yesterday, I’m headed to the store just over there.” Andre gestures to the end of the park where just beyond, from our perspective, an apartment framed with trees lies atop of a hill. To the right of this apartment there is an encampment of tents where the homeless sleep, jutting from the alley and in front of a thoroughly blackened and burnt abandoned skeleton of a home. “It was exactly as I’m going to tell you. I’m walking from the store, and I’m saying to myself, ‘Oh, I guess I’m not going to see him today, I didn’t think about him last night. I didn’t have a vision of him, so he won’t suddenly appear…Wouldn’t it be uncanny if I saw him now? What if I see him?’ and as I’m saying this aloud, like in a chant, an…an invocation, he appears to my left, coming out of the dark. 
    “I’ve bought chips and the one that I was holding drops from my hand. I’m not startled, or scared, but I think I lost focus for a moment. I glance at him and continue walking casually. He shouts, ‘Hey Bro.’ wanting me to stop or just to get my attention, but I chose to stop and wait for him to approach. I turn to him and it’s this perfect dream. The sky is dark blue, and people are barbecuing in the dark, and he isn’t wearing the same clothes, I remember this because it was a part of the chant that I was saying, ‘Wouldn't it be crazy if I saw him? In the same clothes? No, if he was wearing the same clothes that would be too on the nose.’ and this man comes out of the darkness, the man I’m talking about to myself, and this time because I suppose I’m too…shit like this happens to me all the time, so that’s why I didn’t say anything. I’ll meet someone and then a series of bizarre, surreal circumstances will unfold, more amusing than scary; amusing to myself because of how often they happen. And now this man I'd envisioned conversing with has …so he says, ‘Hey bro.’ I stop and turn to him. He’s shorter than I am and, despite the night, his visage is unmistakable, it’s…him. ‘Enjoying the weather?’ he says. I don’t know, I'm thinking, ‘You called out to me…to ask about the weather?’ But I say,
‘Yeah, it’s al'right. What about yourself, enjoying the night?’
‘Yeah, the night is very cool.’
‘You know, I had a feeling I’d see you.’
‘What?’
‘Nothing. What’s your name?”
‘Muzzamal.’
‘Andre’. Right? so we shake hands; and he says what I assume to be a blessing and a greeting, a phrase in a language I don't know. He’s slurring his words so I ask,
‘Are you al’right?’
‘I’m fine.’
‘Muzzime?
‘Muzzamal. It’s spelled M-U-Z-Z-U-M-A-L’ he starts off slow, speeds through the middle of the name, and I gather from it ending in the letter L, I gather how to say his name well enough; after he repeats it between us.
‘You want some chips?’
‘What kind are these? Hm. Enjoy your night.’
‘Wait, I wasn't giving you the whole can, I was offering some.’
‘Oh, I thought you were giving me the whole.’
‘Never mind, take the whole thing.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes, please take it.’
‘And you won’t be sad?’
‘I’ve got another. See.’ and I show him my second pair before turning away and back into the night, through these trees up ahead.
    “ Somewhere in the conversation, I offered my neck, I don’t know, I lean forward because I can’t quite understand him through his slurring, a gesture of trust. And then the chips I gave as a gesture of generosity. There was something just underneath the surface, where I was inviting the possibility of violence, him not taking me up on the offer, and then me being very friendly with the stranger.”
    “The Enshrouded One. And you said he was in all white when you saw him?”
    “But do you see: the unconscious and unremarkable instant of grabbing a second can of chips, then dropping the chip from my hand in, essentially, disbelief when I saw him; talking about him and then him appearing the same moment? And exactly, I looked the name up, his name means exactly how I saw him, as he was: ‘Wrapped in cloth’. Moments after, it’s all I can think about. I’m saying…I’m saying to myself, ‘You dropped the chip, and that was an omen of you losing the chips. And to have two of the same kind, enough to give away generously...’ What do you think? I can’t quite articulate it, but it was entirely uncanny. It’s the best undercurrent of the moment in a word. Too perfectly naturalistic and… coincidental.”
    “It’s interesting. How often do you walk over there?”
    “I go to the grocery store nearly every few days and I walk through this park nearly everyday. So?”
    “It sounds genuine enough: a few too many coincidences. But it only has any bearing if, as you said, this kind of thing happens often, to you. Otherwise…”
    “I know, I know it’s a coincidence. But I'm always having coincidences. All the time. And I’d only tell something like this to you and no other because…I know how it sounds. I sound like I’m losing my mind, paying attention to trivialities, but then after these things happen and how they have been happening at a consistent rate, it feel when I do ignore them, and they suddenly like an apparition appear before me with this…violent foreboding, I feel so stupid for not having paid attention to them. I feel like I'm in denial.
    “I’m…I’m…, I don’t know, I’m reading a story, and the character sounds just like me, and in the story the character sees fatal signs that something bad is going to happen to him, and he’s smiling like an idiot saying, ‘That’s impossible.’ or no, he’s just…uhm, the character is sitting in a diner, in a college town, and he leaves the diner and there's a throng of students all pressed for the little time that they have, the few minutes between lectures; to get across campus in a hurried but passive pace, with just enough time to save face. And amongst the thousands of students, there’s this very tall black hunched figure that is walking the slowest, slow enough that when you overtake her, you notice everyone parting around her, noticeably but without rudeness. And you look at the woman, and she’s got grunge forsaken black clothing, and she smells awful, and her face is mostly hidden by her black veil, and her dark skin has this offensive juxtaposition with her terrible make-up application, and you can tell from what you can see that she is hiding her face for a reason. And the character has seen this woman before, when he was working in this college town. Before, he’s upstairs cleaning the upper dining room of a restaurant he works at, not the diner from before but more toward the center, commercial part of town. The character is alone at night, cleaning and mopping the top floor because the restaurant is closed, and he’s listening to music, and taking his time because he’s on the clock, while all the other students in their beauty and youth and because the university is known for its festivities, there’s a bunch of young women and their friends going and leaving from… wherever, down on the street through the window. And there she is, the overly tall and wide woman, hunched and black, and he can’t take his eyes off her once he’s seen her. And before that, he's seen her another time, at the campus library. And every time he sees her she seems invisible to everyone else… she is a perfectly natural woman but-”
    “Did this actually happen to you?”
    “Yes. And look, I'll be the first to say it:  She was homeless; but I have never seen, my whole life living in popular cities, I’ve never seen anyone like her, homeless or not. But I realize that if I say…it’s like the Vatican, if they claim a case of exorcism to be genuine but instead it’s realized that it was a hoax, just one false alarm, just the one very convincing but fraudulent case, then the Vatican is, in its entirety, ridiculous. I don’t want to be ridiculous.”
    “Do you want to come over?” I suggest. He’s the only person I've invited to my home. He looks devastated at the possibility; devastated at the knowing and witnessing of his own mental decline.
    “Sure.”
    “I really like ‘Cherish the Day’.”

Chapter

Later, I'm keying into my mother’s apartment. The walk over here, especially these last few minutes, Andre had been behind me and silent; the poor priest in solemn prayer. 
    “Do you want anything to drink? I’ve got water, a variety of tea, vodka.”
    “Maybe later. Should I take my shoes off?”
    “Your decision. I’m going to have some tea.” Walking into the kitchen, choosing my preferred flavor of tea, and after the water boils I return into the living room with my drink. “It’s my mother’s place, but I live here. I’ve been living here, on and off, for a few years.”
    “It's nice.”
    “Yeah, she’s got this color theme going throughout the place.” 
I add turmeric and honey into my tea as Andre settles; the slight excess in honey and the abundance of water act as a substitute for food, while forcing me to enjoy drinking water. I love water, but yesterday I was retching after having not been drinking water all day; forcing mouthfuls of it down my throat. 
    “Tell me all the instances that you can remember, even if you don’t believe they are supernatural in nature, even the dubious ones. Can you remember?” I prompt.
    “I doubt I can all at once but I'll tell you the ones that I think of the most often. Uh, well, yeah. All my life I've…ok. Before I start, I need you to understand something: I’m not bragging, or trying to romanticize my past, or purposely apply a rose-tint to memories so that I've got more to list. This is just what I remember; not dreams that I've mistaken, but times in my life where I'd see something and force myself to remember… because… I wouldn't…When I was younger, I had…”
    “What's wrong?”
    “I don’t know. I’m looking at myself, and listening to myself and I hate this. Supernatural?”
    “All right. I'll go first. Last year around this time, months before Halloween so there would be no need for decorations, and many months after, during the spring, I was walking through this neighborhood, maybe half a kilometer away. 
    “I was walking home and in the window, on the left side of the street; there’s this house, and as I'm walking through the neighborhood I'm just marveling at how my neighbors leave their windows open so that people can examine everything about their lives. I suppose it’s to foster a sense of community. To illustrate the lack of needing to hide something: apparent honesty and civility. So I'm walking, looking at gardens, looking through windows from the distance of the sidewalk, at a casual pace. There’s someone in a window looking at me; I've been trying to figure out a way to describe it, a name for it, and the only thing I can call it is a demon. The only thing. The only thing that even approaches it in description. And it’s not a trick of light, or decorations, or an overly large urn or a sculpture, or a silhouette, or a cutout poster printed and plastered on the window; it’s this man, this unnatural man, with his God awful smile; brazenly in the window. He may have been nude, no, he was nude, definitely, he’s got this…it’s so difficult to describe…he looked like, he looked like… what someone would instantly recoil from. Revulsion. Too far into the unnatural, preternatural, uncanny, whatever you want to call it. But unconsciously looking at it, and looking again, staring to make sure I wasn't mistaken, and he’s still there, and his face and his head are too large for his body, and he’s got rude skin and a garish complexion. It’s like he’s a poor approximation of a man, a drawing a child could make but horribly real. He’s standing in the window with glint in his eyes, his head is the largest part of him, and he’s humanoid, and I think it may have been a smile with teeth or a hair. Even now, I can see him but I can’t describe it well... He’s slightly overweight, but not fat, just unkempt. Like a man who’s been masturbating in the window all day; watching children pass so that they can see, so you instantly look away as a child. And he’s following me with his eyes, knowing that I can see him. It’s like, ‘Ah, you can see me, can’t you.’ this leer; this terrible mocking smile, predatory smile, effusive smile. Inviting smile. But it was not a man and I've never seen him in broad daylight again. It was not a man. It was not a man. It was not a man. I want to say demon, and that sounds right, and the depictions of demons you see in fantasy look the closest, but it was worse. You're drinking from a water bottle… and in the light you see dark, very small particles floating so you smell the water and it smells like shit. The moment of repulsion and realization at what you’ve done: that’s what it was like, making eye contact with him. 
    “Another instant, I'm walking alone through one of the neighboring forests and in the shadow there’s a figure waiting for me, in the periphery; but as I look at it I'm convinced it was an illusion; but it’s like I want to be convinced. It’s this subliminal sighting that's less than a moment. There's a figure waiting for me, completely in the dark; I'm alone at night, unarmed. So I look again, and I don't see anything. I've been having stuff like that happen… recently. I’ll see silhouettes appearing and disappearing as soon as you notice them, so that you doubt what you’ve seen. You say, ‘Oh, I must be high.’ or, ‘Oh, I must be tired.’, ‘I must be dreaming.’; I don’t say these things but you understand. When I saw the man in the window in broad daylight, broad springtime daylight, I was dead sober. When I'm high or drunk, I'm less inclined to pretend I didn't see something, but more inclined to attribute it to false perception. But to see it, the same things when I'm sober for months and years... 
    “Let’s say I’ve got psychosis issues, but I’ve dealt with these sightings before my early twenties where schizophrenia and paranoia and hallucinations are supposed to be what you call what I’m experiencing and become onset. Psychosis my whole life? All right, fine. But then when I was little, and living with my sister and mother, in another apartment, the television would shut off while we were watching it; or turn on when none of us were in the room. It was one of those large oblong obelisk televisions, rectangular prism, that when they get too hot or used too long they have electronic issues; but the television would be cold and, suddenly, from the other room, while I’m waiting for my family to come home, it would turn on. Or the last day from school: I had this big ass bag of chips, I'm eating too many, enjoying my childhood, and the television turns off. It was so frequent that it didn’t scare us, or I want to sit here and say that, but when I was alone then, I’m sitting on the couch, you know, and it’s getting darker; and...the remote is clearly next to me on the couch. I remember the quiet.
    “I talked to my sister when we got together for the holiday, last year I think, and she …ok, I’m getting ahead of myself. So were sitting where we are, and we’re talking about that apartment, and my mother’s old boyfriends, and laughing about how I had a room that was really a room for planting: a sun room with hard brick walls, thickly painted white; so it was always cold; and no privacy for the large windows were more enveloping than the anything else, except the trees, that was the only reason it wasn’t a problem. The window was at the treeline and the neighborhood was especially beautiful…and dangerous, but the whole sky could be appreciated, anywhere in the room, or the moon; and animals would try nesting in my room... Anyways, we are talking and laughing about our shared childhood and then we start talking about her closet. Understand me: we had never spoken of this to each other, ever, ever; ever in our lives. I’m not misremembering shit. I think I say something like…No, I don’t remember how the conversation went but this is what I can remember…well, I’ll try my best to articulate the exchange,
    “I used to be, like, trying to stay in your room, I think to spend time with you, or something.”
    “Yeah you’d cry for me to let you in. You’d be like: ‘I’ll be quiet, I'll sit in the corner, and won’t say anything.’”
    “I was always scared of your closet though.”
And she’d say, ‘You were scared of the closet too?’ My sister is older than me, she’s older than you, so at the time she’s a teenager in high school. I… don’t remember being scared of ghosts in high school; or that being something that other people my age were still seriously concerned with. It’s like being scared of ghosts at our age, you know what I mean? We’re talking about it and it’s like: you are trapped in parking lot because your girlfriend is trying to teach you how to drive; so you are sitting in the driver seat, unaware of how to truly operate the car, and in the dark abandoned lot another car approaches and they stop behind you; and it’s hours past midnight; and at first you think it’s a cop car, you feel that there will be too many questions, too many perfect answers, and you’ve forgotten your wallet; but then you see it’s an ordinary truck; and in the wide parking lot, behind you, they aren’t getting out, or dimming their lights, they’re approaching your car. Obvious realization; that not only have you been followed, but if you were a women and alone, you’d be fucked, and even as a man, without anything to defend yourself or your lover, where if anything were to happen too suddenly or the very worst thing: the man in the truck getting out and walking toward your car; there would be too much confusion to really save yourself.”
    “That happened to me once; I’m… trying to have sex in the car because …I don’t know, I wanted to be able to say that it’s something I’ve done. I suppose. But I’m too nervous to really get aroused, so she’s sitting atop of me, we’re in the backseat… my dick is out… I’ve got my fingers inside of her, and the very worst thing happens: the whole car turns white, another stops in the street and blocks us in, people are outside, surrounding the car—in my mind, I’ve already served the years and dealt with registration and…just all the worst things that are going to happen, I’ve steeled myself for it, instantly. But it was just people being dropped off. I’ve been seeing a lot of people having sex outside recently; at, like, five in the morning in a –sorry, I cut you off.”
    “But, no, exactly. It’s exactly that. All at once, you are unmanned and made to be the deer under the gaze of another: dread. That’s how it felt talking about her closest with her; I remember both of us getting up and being terrified, showing off our goose bumps to each other. Like, this mutual realization, that not only did we notice something and we had forgotten it, repressed it, but someone else had witnessed the same thing. So…so I say,
‘I used to play in there sometimes.’ 
‘I remember for my sweet sixteen, after the party, I had these balloons, and every time I’d wake up they’d be next to the closet door, so I'd tell Mom: ‘throw these out’. I had to keep the closet closed because when it was open it would freak me out. And then I'd wake up and it would be slightly open, or it would open by itself when I was alone in the room.’
‘I thought someone was living in there.’
‘Don't say that. I’d always say: ‘That closest is haunted’. She said this.
‘When I was playing in there, it was always this weird uneasiness that was masked by childhood wonder in the simplest things; dark, and full of clothes and bags of clothes, books. I think it was a little girl.’
‘You think it was a little girl?’”
I finish the rest of my tea, and after a moment, “Well, the conversation went slightly like that, that's the main talking points, but there’s something missing, the only way I can communicate it is that this repressed memory was coming back. Quietly traumatic as a memory because it was too obvious what was happening at the time. Your walking past an alley and in the dark you hear a sudden wailing, and it’s abruptly stopped; obvious and harrowing, even in its implicitness. 
    “The television was passable: maybe a faulty power circuit. Objects disappearing around the house, or weird sounds, that’s ignorable. But the closest was, like, something you vye away from as a child, and the feeling you got from the closet was something you hope you don’t remember as an adult, as we did. But there's plenty with my sister too. Our apartment before that, I had prominent, prominent memories of playing with children in the building, and my sister was the one who looked after me while my parents worked, she said there were no kids to play with. She tried to kill herself, my family broke apart, and it can all be traced back to that apartment, the earliest apartment I can remember. She said that place was haunted too. She says it seriously, but with like, I don't know, she says it because there is no other way to describe it. It wasn’t like teru-teru bozu floating in the dark, or jack-o-lantern shit, it was these nightmares, violence in marriage, the only child suffering, and seemingly all was fine before they moved to that apartment; it was like that, understand? And…you know, well, hold on. I used to paint, and I'd do these self-portraits, and double self-portraits, and I didn't show them, to anyone, at the time when I made them… My sister calls my mother because she’s had a nightmare, this is all last year, and my mother gets us on the phone together. My sister tells me that while she was working, in a dream, she could hear my voice from another room calling to her. She’s puzzled as to why I'm at her place of work, so she calls my name, looking for me. She finds me alone in a room, sitting in a chair, watching her as she enters. She says, ‘What are you doing here?’ and I say, ‘Oh, I know the people here, they say I can stay.’ and she’s puzzled because I don’t work in anything related to her field. She’s watching me in the dream, the Me that’s talking to her, and she’s got this intuition that something’s wrong, something just out of sight. You see these camouflage snakes in the dead leaves or climbing up trees, and in your mind you can unconsciously see them before you can point them out… So we're talking, and I’m like, ‘Ok, give me a hug, I'm leaving now.’ and she has this feeling she shouldn’t touch me and because of it, I’m quietly unnerved and trying to get us to touch. She finally says, ‘You aren’t my brother,’ she says, ‘if you are my brother, what’s the song I used to sing to you?’ and then the Me, that can’t remember it, becomes two, where this second conjoined twin asks the first for the answer and they are fighting amongst each other right in front of her in a way that would only be impossible for her to see. Just openly unnatural. And I keep trying to get her to touch my hand, but she doesn’t and leaves. Essentially it’s an exact illustration of the paintings I had made. There are too many ways to manifest the idea that there are things she doesn’t know about me, especially in dreams, with their symbolism, but to use the exact same symbolism, the exact same imagery that I had been using, and just began using; of course she doesn’t know everything about me, that’s the case for everyone, with each other, but to go as far as to worriedly call your mother in your thirties about a nightmare; a nightmare about me. I’ve never phrased it that way. And I hadn’t told anyone because they were maybe a few months old, the paintings, and I still haven’t told her, essentially...  it feels akin to having a very bad secret; my sister having foreboding dreams about me and the ideas in my mind, or my sister, in her dreams, being able to see Me.
    “Later that night, during thanksgiving, she tells my mother and me this story, where she’s preternaturally good at guessing things about people's lives, not very often at all, but the only time she’s really done it, according to her, the other person in it, who she’s talking to, said she was scaring them. Little coincidences. 
    “I was going to say…I was going to say…I was going to say that something has been following my family, but then my parents got divorced and my sister has her own place, so it’s following me or my mother; but my mother only experiences, whatever it is, when she’s home, here. And, before when she lived in another apartment, and when I lived with her a few years ago, we talked about little things vanishing, and then reappearing in overly obvious spots, where you left them. And I'd joke, ‘It's gone forever.’ Or, ‘It doesn’t exist right now.’, because what else can you say? You don’t cry, ‘Ghost.’ every time you can’t find your keys, or your earrings, or your phone, or your book, or your heavy-duty staple gun. And she’d joke, ‘Ok, ghost, just put it back where you found it.’ and as soon as we stopped looking for it, it would appear. We’d rarely talk about it, out loud, only in the sense of, like, ’Isn’t that funny?’, ‘Isn’t that funny that we are both experiencing that, how strange.’ because we both know the truth. And fine, you could add all that up and say my whole family has psychosis issues, which we definitely do not but, then in first grade, I was…am I talking too much?”
    “Not at all. Please...”
    “No, no. I could go on for another hour, honestly.”
    “Oh. Ok. Uh…well, you said, ‘Little coincidences.’... I’ll walk home, or I'll just speak through specific examples, like you did. A few years ago this would happen especially frequently: I’ll get hungry in the middle of the night, leave, and after passing so many people, I'll see someone; I see two people, a man and woman, walking along the winding path at night in this college town I used to attend. Uh, to the left of the path are these very tall firs, sporadically mirrored along the right, but ending sooner, so that the lawn before the building can be seen sometimes. I’ll be walled on either side, in an episode… of isolation, then I can again; and as I’m walking along the path I can see these two people headed back toward the dorms, where I just left from. In my mind, I know, I know that the woman is going to say something to me. Why would she? I don’t know her, nor does she know me. I avoid eye contact, even though you can’t really see in this area because of the darkness and the trees, we’re in this groove of layered shadow, and as we pass each other she gives me a greeting, as I said, as I thought, as I knew she would.
    “I go maybe a kilometer and a half, walking past still more couples than is worth noting, and just as many individuals, because it’s a college town; people are safe toward the campus center, people are young and away from home and their parents with their new freedom. It’s the weekend and people are living their lives. No one else says anything to me, nor do I have the sense that they will. I mean, look at me. I wouldn’t say shit to me in the dark. I head back home, and because the restaurant didn’t give me enough honey mustard for my fries, I go into the late night dormitory food dispensary, and they serve hot food and junk food for paying students; I walk in, and as soon as I see this woman, a different woman, I, again, know she’s going to say something to me before she’s even noticed me. Lo and behold, she does. But this has been happening my whole life, just prescient, knowing. Or I'll have dreams about places. Around the same time, I'm at my co-workers apartment, and I've known them, maybe, for a few weeks, a month and a half, at best; but years before I met them, I had a dream about being in their apartment, and when I have dreams like this, it’s only apparent at a specific moment: like, I’ll have to go through a certain series of actions, and I’ll realize I’ve done this exact same thing, in this exact place, and it’ll cause me to go quiet; I’ll take, I don’t know, a deck of cards, and the person I’m dealing to tells a specific joke and at the punch-line the laugh track on the television goes off, and then I’ll look down and remember: first the ace, then the five, the king with a smudge on the card, whatever else, but the very specific sequence of events will play out exactly and it’s dizzying. It’s frightening.
    “Am in purgatory, and this small gesture has helped me look up and around and realize that I'm dead? Like, I've been staring at the computer an inch from my face, with blankets all around me, completely isolating me, while someone is climbing through the window silently, watching…me… approaching me. I don’t know, ‘Am I confused?’.
    “Or I’ll look at a tree, a few years ago, I was walking in a park nearby where I live, not very far from here, and this tree, in it’s banality, looks as…it looks like it’s been placed there to convince me, convince me that: I’m in a park, and its Sunday, and it’s sunny, and I’m alive, and this is reality. I’m just staring at this tree, and it looks perfect, really stylized, cunningly well done and cleverly placed. Obviously, the tree is real, right?  The point is I feel like reality, there’s this perfect, honest reality and all the clues are hidden in symbolism; so that when coincidences happen, it’s that I wasn't quick enough to pick up on the details. I’m this perspective, this vessel, this real person but all before me is a projection, a perfect projection, a real projection, and like the fool, I've been convinced. My secret fear is that…my secret fear, and then I'll get back to the coincidences, is that when I'm masturbating, or shitting, or doing something I shouldn't, doing something selfish or even evil, I'm being observed. It’s like solipsism, but instead of the daemon, it’s everything but me… I had a thought, but I've lost it in its truth... But there are all these symbolic, relevant strangenesses in my life. When my apartment building burnt, I’m in high school at the time, and I initially found out because my childhood friend, she’s neighbor at the time, texted me. I’m coming home from this, I don’t know, I remember reading the text while I’m in the back of a car, and the text reads, essentially, that I may now be homeless.  I get home, and there are… people from the neighborhood, gawking and maybe crying, eventually I’m allowed inside. My unit was the only one untouched by the flames; the one beneath was destroyed, on either side, then the flames reached over and across a gap and into the wooden banisters and balconies, jumping all around as fire will. My mother had to arrange refuge for me, so she goes and stays with a friend, and she sends me to a witch’s house. I remember arriving there, and looking around for something damning; a cauldron in the living room. Skulls on the piano. But her place, the Witch, was normal. She had a family.  I slept on the couch, and I remember staying up for as long as I could, kind of just processing that I couldn’t return home for some time, processing that a tragedy happened, that a man was burnt alive and killed in an accident (I found this out later in its entirety), and that people have lost their homes; while when I went inside the worst thing that happened to our apartment was that it smelled of smoke and the electricity and water were cut. So I’m at her house, I remember wanting to talk to her about her beliefs; because my mother talked about her, not very often, but they were friends, and the friend believed in and practiced witchcraft to the point that she had paying customers swear by her legitimacy. I feel like I'm being presented with opportunities, but I doubt myself, I doubt the symbolic connections, and call them coincidences.
    “I’ll look up how often people have déjà vu a year, or in their life, and I have it, whatever number it was per year, I’ll have it… a year's worth in a month, or a few years worth over a great many weeks. Or just blatant ripping from reality, an obvious prophetic dream, or vision, where I feel like, ‘Ok, I’m schizophrenic, I've lost my mind,’ uhm, ‘I'm crazy.’, but they come true. They come true right in front of me all the damn time.” Andre has been speaking to himself and it feels as though I’m listening to a confession. He gestures with his hands, looks into his palms, and his sadness as he looks at himself gives me time to look at him. “Or I’ll passively want something, and circumstances will happen immediately, the next day to give me that exact want; hours later, the small desire is realized in my hands. Or my mother, when I was younger, would read me stories and I’ll tell her about them before I’ve even heard of them; like, I remember her telling me the story and I’m reciting it back, but it’s different, it’s more in the sense of I already know what she’s going to say. And they aren’t bedtime stories, I’m too old at this point, this being around high school still, she’s telling me about something interesting she’s just read and I’ll know, already, what she’s been reading… or I know what’s been written. 
    “There are so many more, but it’s all I can think of. I’d try writing them down, these prophetic dreams, or visions, but it’ll be foreknowledge and if I write down every one of my visions and dreams that I think will come true, well, that would be genuine insanity. That’s what it was, I wanted something besides my computer, to record these things in a split second and the next day, I’m handed a journal and two pens; someone else accidently having them, me coincidentally wanting them.  
    “I'll kind of hint at it with friends and they’ll hint back that its cognitive bias, self fulfilled prophecies, but I think all of these words, being called whichever diagnosis, or a list of diagnoses, are general prescriptions for a disease that doesn't exist; like hocus-pocus wording that, in the end, has no relevance to the very real things that are happening; so in the end, all these overlapping descriptions only encourage confusion. Because what is happening to me is too frequent and when they are infrequent, way too explicit in detail. The best way to hit every point, to isolate a moving object in a strange perimeter is to move in a spiral on the axis, while the unknown is found but avoided at the center. It’s like-” Andre makes a gesture where he closes his eyes and presses the tips of his fingers to the lids, rubs outwardly across his brow, then either temple, finally bringing his finger tips together as if in a near and casual prayer, but just as quickly he separates them, looking back up toward me; imploring with his hands for me to understand him. “It’s like, I’m choosing to be blind, because everyone else pretends to be blind, or everyone else is blind and pretends it’s impossible to see, and when the fifth man in a line before me trips and falls into the hole, and then the man after him, and then the third man falls into the hole, and the man after him as well, and then the one right before me falls and dies, I’m then supposed to pretend that I don’t see the abyss; the fissure; and if I say something, then it’s over: I’m called crazy. But it's more elaborate, the abyss is all of reality, this perfect, intricate dream where you can only remember so many secrets and by the time you wake up, you only remember the end and days later even less than that. May I have some tea?”

Chapter

    “Yea, I'm sure there’s still some hot water, I boiled plenty.”
    “I’ll follow you.”
    “I remember, in the sunroom I told you about, praying to the Devil as a child, alone in the dark of my room; looking out into the night sky, praying for magic powers, to make me a were-wolf as I stare at the moon, and I promised him my soul in exchange. So I think…like a woman I told about the things I’ve been seeing and she says, ‘You want special powers.’ this dismissive, reductionist stance; I bare my soul to her but she doesn’t hear that I’m agonizing. It’s one thing to think that magic and fantasy elements have their charm, especially as a child; or to say to yourself, ‘Wouldn’t it be great?’ if something great and interesting happened to me, but then to… no one wants to live in a nightmare.
    “The nightmare when you are out of luck and the Devil, who you fucking called, is waiting for you, smiling in the window, watching you in the middle of the day. Why would I want special powers like this? Why? Why? After what I told her, and all I told her was basically: ‘I’ve been having a lot of weird coincidences happening to me’, ‘I think I’m being followed’, ‘hearing voices’; why would I want constant, debilitating paranoia, and dread when the hallucinations start proving that they’re real. Dread when the hallucinations and the reality are both producing evidence of a connection; between my delusions and the actuality in the world? Why would I want that? Why would I want psychosis? Because that’s what this is, right? Psychosis? Psychosis? Being unable to discern your own reality? I’ll watch fantasy movies, and horror movies, and it’s always, always, always worse than what they’ve depicted; or at least reminiscent, but media is still acceptable because what I'm experiencing isn’t trying to make money; or thrill the viewer. Why, for attention? You, Andre, are the only soul I've truly told; the only I can tell this to, plainly. And even if I tell it to another, they’ll never believe it: I’ll be too unconvincing, or so convincing and in their hearts they’ll just call me crazy. And I sound crazy. I sound crazy, don’t I? But I'm not, that’s the thing.”
    “No, we are of the same mind. You know, in my privacy, I’ll try to do it on purpose, like see the future on purpose, read…people’s minds on purpose, predict out of five how many times will a quarter land on a specific side, and as convenient as it sounds, there’s something about it that when you try to you force it it’s unwilling to cooperate. It has to be…an accident: an unnatural coincidence. 
    “With Micah, he’ll run around right before it’s time to take him for his walk, I think he’s anxious. He’s very anxious to go outside, but once we are out, he’s trying to break off his leash and disappear, and roll in fresh grass, go up to every stranger, know every dog. But lately, if I pretend I don’t want to only capture him to put his leash on, if I’m patient with him, and just want to scratch his chest and behind his ears, and then stop right before he’s enjoying it too much, he’ll come closer and closer to me, and eventually without even asking, he’ll bow and give me his neck. You have to be charming. Thanks for the tea, by the way.” 
Andre takes his cup and follows me back to our seats near the windows in the living room. 
    “Have you given any thought to what I asked you a few days ago?”
    “I thought that’s what we were doing,” Andre suggests. “I figure, if we are to do it, we should do it deliberately, slowly. Methodically, because …I’ll find myself in, like, petty disagreements; nuanced and colloquial differences in the understanding and defining of a word, or a phrase. First we should… well, I’m not sure how to go about this.”
    “First we should rule out superstitions, and be plainly honest with one another. A friend, while we were having dinner, or it was after dinner and we had moved into another room to sit around and talk; and I think I made a remark, or asked the question, ‘Is it possible to be perfectly honest?’ or, ‘Can Man be honest, truly?’ and they said ‘No.’ and no one disagreed. Honesty: It’s not being blatant and rude; I’m not talking about pedantry. We were talking, at the dinner party, about, or maybe this was another time, after I brought it up again because it interested me, deeply: Perfect Honesty; so we are talking about love and being in relationships, and I ask, ‘Were you honest with her?’ or, ‘Could you have been honest with her, all the time?’, no, it was…’Could you truly be honest with her?’ and they said ‘No.’; and it’s obviously because there's this separation of ego’s; where the two have lived individually their whole lives and in love you have to lie when it’s prudent. The idea was that: even in love, even with love, there wasn’t any room for honesty, or that even Love couldn’t capture Honesty in its perfect form. Essentially, honesty is a miracle. God says something and it’s true, every single time; so that God and all that he does and all that comes from him is miraculous. If we can even approach it, we could get close, closer to genuine Truth, with a capital T. Like, drumming coming from the sky, and you think it’s fireworks, but the rhythm persists and gets louder, and preternatural darkness comes, then right before the perfect dawn, the blaring trumpets followed by the holy choir: Truth.”
    “Tell me the worst things you’ve ever done.”
    “...Worst thing…” a memory blooms its image in my mind, and I hesitate. “When I was eight…I've been deeply fascinated with pleasure and sex my whole life. When I was eight I tried raping a toddler; I didn’t, I didn’t even touch her because in the moment I honestly found it too repulsive and I’ve hated myself my whole life for the thought of it, for even beginning to carry out this insidious act; and I say ‘insidious’ but I didn’t do it because it was too evil; my confession is that I don’t have any problem doing very ‘evil’ things, which is why at eight I was trying to rape this innocent. But the reason, ultimately, I didn’t and I have begun to realize this as an adult, is because I have long thought myself better than everyone else, above Man; and I think in my eight year old mind, the only way I can rationalize it, the revulsion of what I was doing, was because in that moment I thought it was something that a Man would do. ‘Men rape children, and I’m better than Men.’ that was it; I didn’t rape her out of pride, not morality.
    “Then there was this dog. The memory begins with me sitting on a couch in this small pink apartment and my mother and her friend are discussing something business related; I think my mother is trying to sell her something. The dog owner, this woman, and my mom are talking… and I keep referring to her dog as, ‘It’ and she keeps correcting me, really annunciating that ‘It’ is a ‘She’, and I knew what she was trying to convey but it came so naturally…but then I think, she and my mother, the owner, go downstairs for something, to close the deal and to exchange hands, product for money, so that it’s me and the dog in the pink apartment, and as soon as the door is closed, I’ve got this erection and …I get behind the dog on the floor. I’m fortunate because the dog is sitting in front of the door, waiting for the return of her owner; fortunate because the reason I didn’t get caught was because I knew exactly when the owner would return. Desperate depravity. Or I'd molest homeless women; but I stopped doing all that shit long before I became a teenager because I realized I didn't want to go to jail; or juvie. 
    “The fear of punishment and chastisement, and shame, was the reason I stopped being overtly malicious; instead I became more cunning; I say that looking back at it, this wasn’t a well-articulated thought, then. So, I became an adult. I figured, as this person drawn to eroticism and sex, I'd get women to fall in love with me and then, and only then, would they see how sadistic I was, how selfish I was. I’m terribly selfish; I don’t care. And I think about killing people all the time, nearly everyday. Not everyday, maybe every few days. Or it’s everyday, but, like, this passive recurring thought, but only until I’m actually designing or...you know, I remember talking to a doctor and she asks me if I was suicidal; she asks in a way… no. What she’s asking is: if I’ve thought out the execution; do you see what I’m saying? What else…I used to steal a lot as a child. Deface churches, but that’s more of amorality than an action that is very terrible.”
    “I was similar as a child.” Andre begins, “When I was in school as a kid, I’d enjoy bending other kids to me, letting me play with them where I’d hurt them and get them to come back and let me do it again. I was always in the principal's office, wearing the face of the innocent child and lying with just enough proof of my innocence, but they knew. My teachers and the principal, they knew that I crushed that little boy's fingers on purpose; and I enjoyed watching him clutch his injury; and the excitement, the dramaticism of events where I’m doing my darn best to convince a teacher who is already familiar with my ‘accidents’ with other children. Or she, at least, suspected that I’d subject my friends to humiliation and physical torture; I’m now realizing that my fourth grade teacher saw right through me, or I knew then, but to still go about trying to charm her was…
    “I’m thinking about this time, in fourth grade; I remember her smile, my teacher, she had a nice smile; I remember the first day of fourth grade and I remember it feeling genuinely different than the proceeding years. We moved into an older part of the school, and the desk were wooden and well used, and we first had to line up, and then I think after we were called, we found our seats and placed our name tags on our desk; and I loved the way that felt, it felt like…so were sitting along the wall, the desk all lined up, and I’m trying to see if I recognize anyone else, and she’s…it’s funny now, as an adult, I suppose… Like a teacher who probably was thirty? And I thought she was so old and prosaic and important? Or what’s that word? Commanding? Professional? Serious? But now at my age, it appears different, like playing boy scouts with children and telling them scary stories with shadows in front of a campfire…too serious. 
    “So a group of us, away from the teacher, the same fourth grade teacher, are headed into the lunch room, playing this game I’ve just invented and were all at the back of the assembly line; the game is that: I all but draw blood by bruising the torso; and forcing him to exhibit my work and laugh. Laugh with me, until he ran to the teacher and showed her; damning me, essentially. And I felt so betrayed because.
    “I was very charismatic and… I was very creative, and I could disillusion my peers so that they’d think it was a game; and it was a game, usually, I wasn’t only out to be this awful little child, I was an ordinary boy who’d make all the fun games that the other children would covet or imitate, or beg to be a part of; and I was the comedian, and… did well enough in academics to be considered one of the best in my class, you see? So when he showed the teacher that I had been… torturing,  he shows her his now bleeding chest and stomach, I felt betrayed because I wasn’t used to people telling on me for the things that I did, but it started happening a lot that year. I hated school even though I was the honor roll student, who also happened to have a lot of friends, and my friends would do what said, and would be, as children are, morose if they couldn’t be a part of my games to the point where they’d force the teacher to intervene. I didn’t see it as bullying. I had in my mind an image of a bully, and I wasn’t that…I wasn’t larger than my peers, or stronger, I was just... We’d be play fighting at the end of the school day, while other students are cleaning, or whatever, and I’m really strangling this kid, like I’ve climbed on his back, this huge kid, tall as shit for a fourth grader, I think we were best friends at the time, and I remember him genuinely trying to distance himself from me, and the way he looked at me; but, like, for just a moment especially since the next day we were best friends again. I saw it all as: the kids were playing and I was the one getting unlucky, and caught. But now I realize. ‘Charisma’, I use that word because it was given to me by a girl I was friends with, and I was taken aback because I thought I was ugly and very friendly, but not suitable to be called  ‘charismatic’, but this charisma, I used all my life with people around me, so despite my low self esteem I would find myself not at the center of attention but ingratiated with all the very interesting and powerful students. I’d be…a regular kid, and other kids that were a part of gangs and brought blades to school, or guns, genuinely, mortally dangerous people, they wouldn’t touch me, I could humiliate them because we were friends. I was friends with everyone, that’s my point, even the people I would physically torture.
    “And like you, I suppose, this behavior has been disguised instead of extinguished in my adulthood. But it’s easier to gauge it with years, retrospectively, than to actively look around and pinpoint whom in my life I'm torturing psychologically, emotionally. But really, it explains why I'm alone. I get too friendly with people, and I'll feel slighted so I’ll start humiliating them… or my first thought is to do something, uh, sadistic.
    “I’m spending time, trying to network with people, and they look to me to come up with a game, and then after I explained the premise, they called it, ‘anti-social’? It was a game to see who could... Or, I’ll say it for the sake of ‘honesty.’ The game, and this happened this year, was for everyone in the room to find their most base desire, the root of something they have always wanted to do; the game was to grab the forbidden fruit, indulge in it, and then will yourself out of addiction. I thought it sounded fun; it gave everyone a chance… to test themselves… to live while we could, a chance at possible metamorphosis. 
    “I don’t know…‘Torture’ sounds very severe. Saying that I’m sadistic sounds… dishonest; or perfectly honest, but not when I’m referring to myself; like I’m in denial even though…um.”
    “Children should be left to children, isolate them in their innocence, in their own Eden with their own little demons. ‘Garden of children’… Kindergarten: Eden on earth.”
    “I don’t think I was ever innocent or I lost mine when I was still very young. But women too.”
    “‘Women and Children’, it sounds preternaturally correct.” I can’t help but to smile on the surface, but in my heart I immediately regret having said what I did. I’m consciously aware of what’s in my pocket, the bulge in my pants. I’m even more aware of how quickly I could take it out, close the distance between us, and use it to open him. I should kill him. I should kill him. Why the fuck did I tell him that shit? I’m going to fucking kill him; but not here, not in my mother’s apartment. That would be too pathetic; the stupid stories I hear about online. I’ll wait. Not today, because he may have told someone we were going to meet. It has to be opportune and perfect, it has to be a coincidence that we met, and that’s when I'll do it.
    “Because we aren’t talking about, well, if we are excluding ‘Women and Children’, then we are going to do something, aren’t we?”
    “What’d you have in mind?”
    “I thought we had the same thing in mind.” Andre concludes.
    “Experimentation.”
    “That’s a way to put it. Yes.” He says with a smile, matching my own.

We sit in the silence together, and I begin to finally notice the sky. Its subtle grays becoming more sullen and less vibrant, though it is still early. Stretching my legs, pacing before Andre while I'm going over: the last few hours, the last few days, my over-abundant sharing, and what I've learned from him. 
    “There’s this commercial where a man is eating, and it’s all gray and lacking saturation,'' Andre says, speaking aloud and looking at nothing in particular, “and the food he’s eating, I'd be glad to have. But it’s presented in the way, with his expression, that in his miserable working conditions, coupled with his miserable food, uh, his only respite is improving his food choices. So then it’s this montage of him making increasingly elaborate food, and I'm watching, expecting: technicolor, a flying house, or something; but instead the commercial ends with the same desaturated look, and all this spectacular food he’s spent the length of the commercial preparing is honestly unimpressive, but hey! He’s got a smile on his face. I don’t know: ‘Stay miserable in your job, because that is immutable’; just real passive propaganda.”
    “It would have been propaganda if he evangelized his life as well. ‘The great dream.’”
    “What’s your favorite food? I’ve been really enjoying burgers lately, I haven’t had burgers in years, and years, because of my diet, but the sheer unhealthiness is honestly overwhelmingly delicious and so very different from what I usually eat; that for now, I could see myself eating them forever.”
    “I’ve been growing tired of eating food. I’ve been trying to figure out both how to subsist on as little food as possible, while maximizing health benefits and nutrition; so I’m thinking and researching, ‘super foods’, and all these expert, opinionated, diet plans. I really like pomegranates though, and boiled eggs, I could eat that indefinitely, untiringly.”
Another minute of silence between us. I begin, but to speak the recesses of my mind, past my usual points of hesitation.
    “I’ve been looking into artificial food sources. I’ve been…as you said, there’s some symbolic and hidden truth, the way dreams communicate, and being that people die, the only thing they can do is encode what they can; and have learned, in stories. Transmutation: the written word. Or pictures. I’ve been looking at, and I know that it’s fiction, but where better to hide the…things we shouldn’t say; the taboo. I mean to say, I've been thinking about auto-cannibalism. Drinking my own blood as the start. I figure blood drinkers and ritualistic cannibals, what’s promised to those that do it: immortality; is in too many stories and so perverse, that even by today's standards it’s…weird.”
    “Something, uh, inclined me to look up the word ‘Weird’…right, I was reading Dune. I looked the word up, and he uses it accurately, while the rest of the world is doing so colloquially, him and Shakespeare; in a sense the way the word is used and how it’s specifically defined are always different. ‘Weird’ means portentous, dealing with fate. Magic. The guy following the woman at night is weird, he’s a creep, you see? Drinking your own blood is weird; ah, that fits, there’s truth in it then.”
    “Blood and berries, dark red fruit. The idea is to look like I'm drinking blood, to look like I'm drinking a lot of blood, for the drink to be extremely nutritious, so it’s this doubling: the observed reality, and the subjective reality; and they are both true, so it’s truth. I’m thinking it makes sense to do this in front of myself, my reflection, so that it’s this placebo effect?”
    “What kind of fruit? Pomegranates?”
    “And beets too, I think. I read in those absurd occultist hubs where fools join hands, and where people …never mind. But they say that the original forbidden fruit was likely the pomegranate or the beet; before Adam named everything. Fruit specified in many religious texts are used for a reason; repetition. There’s power and …or purpose, there’s purpose in repetition. There are fruit that grow on trees around here, fruit that last Spring, when I was picking them, they made my hand smell of blood and stained my hands as blood.”
    “How’d they taste?”
    “I loved it.”
    “Red wine, too.”
    “Hm. But yeah, that’s been my current fixation. I've been waiting for the trees to bear fruit. Want to go see if we’re lucky?”
    “Can I witness this… ritual, after you’ve made your drink?”
    “Of course. We’ll share everything. “

Chapter

After locking the door behind Andre, we are back into the world, and every time I see the green: as lichen on the wood, pigment in the grass and up the spine and stalks of tulips that look like peaches, the way leaves billow in the wind as trees do; it’s as if I’ve forgotten the simplest workings of nature and her miracles. We don’t talk as we walk in tow. A couple crosses the street meters ahead of us, an older, slightly overweight man who is gray and balding, with him a woman who will look thirty for the next thirty years but she also looks very sad. The couple walking their dog as we follow them, headed toward the same park 
Cross the street, cross the threshold where pavement becomes grass, and buildings have died away for a space, past the fields of children running and preparing to play sport games that lack any true consequence except character, around children who venture too far from their parents in their mischief, playing the same games that I played as a child, and being overtaken by biking passengers; we begin to walk closer, closer to the deeper parts of the park, where the grass becomes stubbled with roots, and the space clouded and made opaque by trees. Another couple, walking along the path in the grass but in the opposite direction; the woman smiles somewhere between us, briefly making eye contact. 
    “Marcus.”
    “What?”
    “There.”
    “What are you looking at?” I follow Andre as he squats in the grass next to a fence. Behind the towering grass, in an apparent island where the green has ebbed away, there is a small rabbit, no more than a few days old, and a few days dead.
    “This isn’t very far from the nest…we walked past it half a minute ago, but it was empty; which is unsurprising since it’s daylight and I frequented it and caused them to abandon it when I did.”
    “This one is too fresh though, isn’t it?”
    “I said…I lied. It had happened the same night I saw you. I came back to the park, pretending it wasn't because I was passively searching for them, coming to spy if the rest returned safely.” He starts at it, outstretching his first finger but hesitates and stops altogether. I look around us and I’ve made eye contact with an older woman but she hardly cares about us, and the rest of the park is just as busy, as she is, with their own lives; using this moment, I take out a blade that would get me arrested if discovered on my person and place the stiletto in his palm; our hands meet, as do our eyes, for a moment, and then he refocuses on the poor young rabbit’s corpse.
The small carcass has proliferated its necrosis; vague, indistinguishable limbs, the fur and flesh, have bloated and become fuzzy with culture. Andre wills himself to first jab at the rabbit, then I suppose after the lack of protest, he drives the blade until his hand is nearly met with the dead fur. I watch him pull the blade out of the earth with the young rabbit skewered, and he tries shaking it off; failing to do so, he wipes and presses the rabbit into the grass, unsheathing it from my blade. After handing it back to me, I take the stiletto and sink it into the earth a few times: a small ritual to clean the blade; but before doing so, I watch him smell the blade where it’s darkest and moist, and I smell the blade when it’s my turn to hold it.
Once the knife is hidden, Andre with his closure, we pilgrimage for fruit.

Chapter

    “Living with my mother, who’s not old yet, but has many health issues, has been both some of the most peaceful years of my life and, at times, extremely awful. She has this view of me where I'm this… you know how mothers look at their children, but it’s a little more concentrated. 
    “When I was born, when she was pregnant with me, she saw me being born a man as a bad omen, she prayed to God that I would be a girl instead. She said that me being born male was portentous, that it would be dangerous; she tells me this when I’m a child. 
    “I’ve got this memory where my stomach is upset and I'm lying beside her in her bed and she starts rubbing my stomach. She starts going lower, lower, her fingers in the band of my waist, underneath my underwear. She was just rubbing my stomach, all the way down where it became my pelvis, but I remember feeling uneasy and soothed. I’ve got an abundant more very happy childhood and adult memories with her than depressing ones, but the worst memories I can’t seem to forget. Or, I’ve repressed all the very blackest parts of my childhood, so that I only remember terrible memories. I remember when we were especially poor, I had thrown up some food, and she forced me to eat it off the floor like a dog, or I'd get beaten. I remember having this sensation where I’m looking at my self from the doorway, looking at my child body on his knees, and that’s how I picture that moment; though the reality is that I’m the one looking down at vomit on the wooden floor... 
    “I remember her asking me, ‘Am I a good mother?’ and I lied; we’re walking toward her car, a grey Toyota in a gray parking lot, and before we get inside the car, she kind of squares off with me, with the car slowly coming between us; but the truth is she is a very great mother, or she is a great woman and an average mother, or she’s just human.
    “I’ve been pretty much homeless, and she works tirelessly, without complaint, to provide me with everything. But then I’d watch, as a child, how she’d fight with my sister and then my sister who’d be like fourteen, she’d be thrown out into the streets or would choose homelessness rather than stay with her; they have a great relationship now, better than the one I share with either of them.
    “I think blaming my mother is pathetic, and…I've seen how terrified she is of me. She regularly says, like, a passing remark when she’s especially concerned. We had this fight recently, and I knew it was coming, so I’d leave for the day, and just walk in the forest, walk to the lake; remind myself that all this negativity is isolated to one apartment, in one building, on one block, in the middle of the map, and it’s coming from one woman: woe is me. So I get back to the apartment and we start fighting as soon as we see each other, and I tried to stay calm, but just visceral hatred came so quickly, like genuine heartfelt anger, and she basically hid in her room and started crying. It’s not even hatred toward her, it’s just hatred; and she’s close to me so I end up showing it to her, directing it at her. But when she doesn’t come home, without notice, I’ll stay up imagining, every single time, that this is the time where I'm going to lose her, or something tragic is going to happen; full of dread, like a child. 
    “The main, main reason I'm not running around committing violent crimes is because I don't want to make her sad. She always says, I'm ‘so patient’ with her, listening to her lectures, tending to her idle needs, helping her up the stairs if she can’t manage, giving her medicine and advice. What else can I do? It’s always never enough, and even now I feel sad that I'm not doing enough for her.” Andre is walking silently by my side, watching me look for fruit bearing plants and trees, listening to me. “And we had this fight, that I'm telling you about, because she would sit centimeters, explicitly, from my bedroom door for fifteen, eighteen hours out of the day. She sits so close to my bedroom door that she can hear me quietly reading to myself, or laughing at whatever video I’m watching, talking in my sleep. So I move her desk, clean her apartment to give her a better spot away from my door, with natural sunlight, and her apartment has been this bane for her, to keep clean, so I did that; but she’s extremely obsessive, so it’s this apparent battle of not wanting my mother listening to me when I masturbate and her wanting her things a specific way. No matter how I’d break it down logistically she wouldn’t listen, you know, because it’s …to her it’s an affront to her power over me, my independence. So this illustration becomes a scene: an obsessive mother and the son barring himself with a fragile wooden door…the trees are just up ahead, last year I’d see birds coming down and then fleeing after they had their full of the berries crushed underfoot along the path; or I’d see old women with near full plastic bags, picking the fruit off the trees all throughout this park. I have a lot of memories of this park. But now, after seeing how frustrated I was, how quick to violence I always seem prepared to be, she’s given me space. And most days with us are full of laughter, and inside, layered jokes, or just listening to each other complain. When I first really, really got my heart broken she was the only one I could tell.”
We move through a valley near the hill, a sloping wooded area where we sat earlier this week, while to our left spreads a wall of vines and saplings meters above our heads; behind and through the saplings is an expansive prairie, rolling hills, with clumps of densely crowded trees. The air is cool, the wind refreshing, and the sky has grown hues darker.  Along the line of trees and vines, I'm looking, searching for budding and bloomed fruit, raspberry red and blackberry blue. Finding none, we continue walking together. The hill peaks and begins to decline in height as we journey past it. We walk closer, having to move brambles out of our faces, ducking through the deepening blue of the greens, wandering. After following the snake of trees through a winding path, the wooded area opens up for a moment and then closes again with long sightlines hidden behind white, bone hard hides; beside white flowers groping along the length of dark wood, as of the wand of Hermes or Aaron. We cross another plain into the wooded area that I saw and consumed fruit this past Spring. Usually there is such an abundance, that the fruit darkens the trees; and have outpopulated the blades of grass beneath, where berries have grown ripe and fat: too heavy to support.  
But there are no fruit.
    “Ah. We’re too early. Maybe a week, or more.”
    “Let’s sit over there.” Andre says, gesturing to an enclosure of small picturesque trees. We settle in the grass near one another and in the silence that becomes easier between us. “I’ve been trying to figure out how to word it. ‘Bout’?; ‘Dealings’?. I’ve had ‘trouble’ with incest in my life. Me and a cousin would all but have sex with each other, explicit implicitness. Having sex with clothes on. And then another cousin, we’re at thanksgiving and… we are the younger of the family, so were designated away from the drinking and smoking, into the basement; and she’s really trying to …I guess, the way we left things, there was, I don’t know, we were openly sexual with one another, so when she starts really coming after me, in the basement, I’ve been made innocent, and I’m, uh, appalled…but really, I may have just been shy and expecting to get caught, and she wasn’t extremely attractive…and my other cousin comes, the one I used to wrestle with, so I’m saved. I’m saved from myself, because honestly…I enjoyed doing it; and I only stopped because I was reprimanded.”
    “What are your thoughts on women and sex?”
    “Uh, both are great. There’s never enough of either.”
    “When I see women, the first thing I look at is their asses. And then their legs, and then their eyes. I especially love women that are older than me, I always have. I remember this one teacher all my friends and I couldn't stop talking about, but, like, me…I really, you know, knew then that what I was seeing and how I felt was genuine lust. Desire. Like, how can a woman look that way every day of her life? And now, all the time, as an adult, I’ll see a woman and I want to fuck her in the ass and eat her pretty pussy; all the time. All the time.” Andre laughs but I'm dead serious.
    “I know the feeling.”
    “But more than anything, from women, I want them to want me. I want them to give me their will, and permit my will over them. I want them to relish and revel-”
    “-In ecstasy.” 
    “In ecstasy.”

Chapter

Everything has become gray with blue, color losing its individuality as the sun begins to set. We are lying together: his head near my shoulder, our arms touching along their length. 
    “Right there.” Andre starts, “Above that tree, that's my favorite color.”
    “There?” I say, moving my head closer so that I can see his line of sight. “It’s nice.”
    “I’ve got to go soon… Micah, he’s probably been so sad.”
    “Hm.”
    “But after, I'll come back. In the morning.”
    “You could sleep over if you wanted; the two of you. Hold on.” Following Andre as he has gotten up; I stretch, he searches in the dusk for what may have been misplaced in the grass.
    “Which way are you headed?”
    “I’ll walk with you.”
Though it is not dark, the undergrowth has begun to flood with ink, the wood above, in its depth, seemingly impenetrable and black. By the time we’ve exited the park the sky is deep blue, the light posts radiate pale yellow and white into nearby leaves, and the faces we pass are unreadable in the night.

Chapter

    “We live so close, I had no idea.”
    “I’ll see you tomorrow.” Andre walks into the courtyard before a condominium, passes an older woman as she leaves; he crosses below the archway and turns and I begin making my way home.

All alone in the virile forest,
All along the foreboding gate:
There lies the innocent.

Before I key into my apartment, I check my phone and see that he’s texted me. It reads,
    “I’m free these next few days. I won’t subject you to Micah and his torments, but I think we should spend the weekend together. I have this trepidation that time apart will make our pursuit look foolish.”
In the few hours before the end of my fast, I drink more tea to satiate. I stare, as the dumb would, at the life on the screen, hardly interested but wanting to be; wanting and searching past the numerous women who will show me everything, past the overly excited faces in the previews. I find something: a video discussing the fall of one more city; and how it’s everybody else’s fault except the very wise sitting at their round table. In the next few videos: I'm to watch exciting video games being played, followed by a firearm demonstration; there’s a commercial before a video where two women in white point to their right, each with their pair of hands; The video after, completely unrelated, a woman walks into frame and with each of her hands does the same gesture, pointing to her left. Eventually, I find what I’m looking for: hymns that sound very near to Latin but are not; I listen to them for a time, where I read and wait to eat again. 

Chapter 

Al-Quran, Al-ketab, Al- Noor. Al- Thekir, Al- Furquan. The book with many names. After reading the end of the Holy Bible, my curiosity only grew: what else do these scriptures say about the Devil? But as I began reading, I could only but admire its poetry, admire the weight of God in every line, but with pretense: the same pretense I had when reading Revelations; appreciating the grandiosity, the entirety of the words that are written, with modern skepticism. God has spoken Truth through his prophets, his tangibility has been recorded, for all of Man to witness. But if one story in the Holy Bible, or the Noble Quran, is true; even if only a whisper of rumor; an infinitesimal part of their stories with any basis in reality: then it is proof of God in his entirety, and that convinces me to keep looking for him. 
I’ve been ruminating, musing an idea: that the reason so many of us don’t believe in God, or openly mock those that do and even the very religious or slightly religious or at least spiritual or even just the superstitious, the reason we mock them is because science, as it’s opposition, the leviathan of Man manifest as a boy lurking with a slingshot, continues to provide not solace, but real evidence everyday and hardly any need for faith, or so it is said. We, Man, have risen our second tower, and protest that upon it’s completion we’ll be able to unmask the mystery, take upon the throne, or find it empty, or build our own for ourselves. I look around at us, the videos of fanatics praying and being holier than thou, and the common sentiment is: observing children afraid of what lies under the bed or in the dark of the closet. I look around at us and it reads like we are in one of the plagues; a plague of doubt and being unprepared, all of which is explicitly written about and foretold. Man has made the mistake again, apparently, and every time we do, right before it, we act the same way and that is how we are all behaving now; right before the wrath of God, right before the autosacrophagy of Man. It’s tragic because Revelations is the best part.
Where the Quran does mention the Devil, it is written about his construction and how he fell; it is written about the other things that lurk amongst Man; it is written in the most relevant texts today exactly what Andre and I have been experiencing.
But.
But these texts aren’t all that is written as apparent truth; truth, desperately conveyed, and recorded accounts of evil in its incarnate form and his dealings with Man. I read what is written because where else would I find him?

Chapter

I woke up fifteen minutes ago, drifting back between and into sleep until I could sleep no more. I heard my name being called three times in my mother’s voice. Her voice came from outside, from the window, and from what could have been my neighbor’s window below mine.
My first thought was that someone was trying to mock me by mimicking my mother’s voice. Usually, I wake up because I’ve heard her calling my name and I know it’ll be false because she has left for work, or is in the house and on the phone, or if I simply ask her she’ll deny that she called me and that will settle it; these last two days, I’m awoken. There is a phenomenon called Exploding Head Syndrome, an explanation that corresponds to what I experienced: it could have been a result of a minor seizure, or psychosis, that I was hallucinating, ultimately. Today though, I was already awake and I hear from outside the window a whisper: someone standing just below, calling up to me as though I were on the first floor and not the fifth; my mother’s voice, or a perfect approximation of her voice, calling my name.
    “If I heard someone making fun of me, I’ll fucking kill you. Do it again.” Silence. “Do it again!” 
I want to think that it was a child who’s heard my mother’s voice calling for me and they were playing a joke; that it was childish teasing and that I overreacted: I want to think that maybe my name isn’t very unique, that the voice was real and that someone else was being called; and to further the coincidence, the voice sounded exactly like my mother’s voice: I want to think that what happened is exactly similar to what happened to me days ago, where I’m walking behind a man, a perfect stranger, and what draws him out of obscurity, from all others in public, is that he is calling my first name, screaming it; at first, it was doubtful, but he continues screaming it, and then, worse yet, he begins screaming a second name that only my mother and sister call me, so now I’m staring at him. He’s walking toward some indistinct group in the distance, seemingly, apparently, obviously completely unaware of me, but I can’t look away from him like I’m being seduced; for him to call both my first name and then a nickname, that has no basis to any other name that I have, I’ve no other choice but to think, at the time, that it is a bizarre, bizarre coincidence. I’d rather it be the cruelty of being made fun of, as malicious as it would be, and the consequences that I’ve promised, because that is better than the alternative. Psychosis is better than the alternative. Because the alternative is that someone, with my mother’s voice, was luring me, trying to get me to respond; the alternative is unnatural.
During the night, after Andre left, I’m sitting in my room and listening to music; throughout the apartment, I kept hearing the flexing wood in the floors and dampened, dull thudding. The dull thudding I discovered was coming from my freezer producing ice, or some machination, but the sound of walking in the dark outside my room prompted me, despite my lack of clothes, to rush out of my room with assumed and frantic anger, searching for answers or an intruder: better to be without clothes and a knife than a victim. I could find no answers for the other sounds, so I went to sleep and accepted that it was my neighbors beneath me; and their footfalls were being translated in my wooden floors. I accepted it as some reasonable, explainable natural phenomena that I simply didn’t have the patience or skill to discern.	
Only when I’m alone, only when my mother is gone do I hear footfalls; where I'll go investigate and most of the noises, or half of the noises, will be the wind or noisy neighbors, while the remains of unexplainable is left to be lain, and unfound. I need a double: I need Andre. I need him. I can live a whole life being at the epicenter of too many coincidences, a series of coincidences, but without a witness, and especially a witness who says, who I believe, that they have been experiencing the same things I have: what Man chooses to be left unsaid and often unwritten, plagued with doubt; without a witness, I am simply alone.	
I feel like a cautionary tale of madness where I’m gathering the crowd because I’ve done the impossible on purpose in my privacy, so I want to show them; and when they finally gather and encircle me, waiting for the claimed miracle’s holy light to be shed upon and amongst them, nothing happens; but what isn’t written about in the tale is that the impossible trick that I do, can only be done when no one else is looking, or more specific to my case: there is an agent actively trying to lead me into insanity.
One other witness, one other compatriot with no reason to lie nor relation to myself, Andre, would be overwhelmingly reaffirming; one other dispels the possibility of delusion; two corporealize truth.

Chapter

    “You screamed that out the window?”
    “Yeah. Immediate embarrassment. It was more in the sense that the window was open and I was next to it, speaking loudly…”
    “Ok.” Andre smiles. “I can’t decide what character I like more: the madman screaming murder at someone who may not even know you exist or you, the madman, screaming the same at a ghost.”
    “Yeah.” Laughing at myself, with Andre, helps me forget the weight of the memory and abates the uneasiness I feel. There is soft, faint music playing; nice and undisturbing. “Anything interesting happen to you yesterday?”
    “Hm…uhm…no. Well...no; well... I was walking Micah to the park, and he usually stops in front of this house a few blocks from here belonging to a man who’s dog I took care of for a short time… The dog is medium sized, black, uh, extremely healthy, hardly any fat. When I was taking care of her, I'd give her little treats and she’d be all but enraptured. Anyways, the man owns this entire building that Micah does his business in front of, before we head into the park. This building’s dark red brick, almost brown, and along the facade there are these thick hedges, jutting over the sidewalk, where dozens and dozens of birds live and chirp nearly every time I walk past during the day. The whole area, the lower bushes, the sidewalk underneath, are covered in old bird shit, so I try to keep Micah from getting too close, despite his dismay, because he knows his friend lives there. And…I mean, there was this time where the dog I took care of, that lives there, came out; she broke out of the gate or she simply walked around it, because it's this black steel door framed in evergreen fir, where you’d have to be a very small animal or rude… 
    “Yesterday though, I’m walking with Micah, and above all the other cries, or the only cry I remember, is one bird’s song; but it’s singing it in reverse. It sounds like a recording of a mating call that has been drawn out unto it’s completion and then played in a loop so that it’s this three second call where the pitches suddenly rise and the proceeding notes are descending away from it and being played backwards themselves; so when the call stops, it loops around with the same reversion of space between the melody. I’m trying to describe it to you with words, but it was… obvious and eerie. And beautiful. Honestly, I stopped and listened to it until the bird stopped singing...I don’t know, I walk by that place every time I take my dog to the park, I took him this morning, and I have never heard the sound since or before yesterday night. 
    “I wrote a little. I’ve been trying to do a little writing a day; a page or a paragraph in this little journal.” Andre grabs his coat lain next to him upon the couch, holds it so that I can see a little black book and the white seam of pages, then puts the jacket back down. He pushes the jacket away, the length of the couch, and lies down using it as a pillow. “Other than that, nothing especially memorable. I did see a neighbor’s dog that I'm friends’ with. He had been crying, whining, and when I went outside, I saw him in another man’s truck, and he started crying to me; the dog wasn’t with his owner and I hoped that he wasn’t being stolen. He’s a very beautiful, black pit bull. Someone tried stealing him long ago, and there was gunfire and shouting in the street; very entertaining…I saw this woman, too. It’s as if every time I meet the most attractive, alluring, mysterious, phenomena of a women, I’ve forgotten all women but her, and then minutes will go by and with this new woman, uh, my heart stops in my chest; I’m aware of the moment, of the eye contact, because the world seems dramatically calculated and slow; and I’ve this habit of suddenly misstepping because I’m thrown off at the sight of her; I’ve long been aware that I do this and have gotten better. It’s very likely that it is imperceptible, but it’s still funny to me…Very few things genuinely interest me the way women do: casual, detached flirting with nothing else promised; polite conversations; they way dress and move. I don’t know. I feel like I'm always thinking about women, or talking about them.”
    “I feel the same way but I don't mind it. I mean to say, I do the same thing. “
    “What about you, what else did you do last night or today, even?”
    “Exercised… I’ve taken the last few days off, because this muscle-” gesturing beside the bone on my left forearm, “has been getting sore. I’ve been trying to, with success, do fifty push-ups a day. It started as this desire to do a hundred push-ups because at the time doing two would exhaust me; I reached the goal... Fifty is very comfortable and sixty is done with some effort. I’ll do core exercises, long walks. I’ve always been insecure about my arms…
    “I started reading the work of Arthur Miller and this one surrealist poet, I forget his name, but apparently he was doing proto-surrealist work that the very prominent, notable surrealist would use as, essentially, a lighthouse when lost. I cooked once my fast was over, but ate too fast and was nearly sick. I’ll make some tea if you want any?”
    “Sure.”
We walk into the kitchen, and as the water is boiling, I begin straightening up the mess I left on the granite counter from the night before. Realizing the trash is full, I take it out of the house through the second door. Down from my porch, down through the wooden staircase and the precarious design, with random parts being made to spiral, then sudden platforms that double as very wide stairs, and actual platforms that mark each floor as I descend. Near the garbage bin in the alley I find something extremely familiar: I find a gift; I don’t have anything to wrap it with, so after disposing the trash, I move it to the side so it isn’t crushed and go back upstairs.
    “I’ve found something. Let’s go to the park.”
    “I left my shoes in the other room.” After Andre rejoins me in the kitchen near the back entrance, we step onto the porch. As I’m locking the door, Andre says,
    “The water boiler.”
    “Don’t worry, it automatically turns off after.” Turning and descending together, we eventually find what I set aside for us. I use the plastic bag I brought to pick up the dead bird, wrap it, and put it in my jacket pocket.
We walk away from our usual haunt, the more familiar park, and head in another direction, for another park, just as beautiful with small pond and bog, is just as near. The sun has begun its transition and my eyes, feeling slightly strained from reading so late last night, are nearly keeping pace with the lowering light and increasing shades of blue and green. 
We cross a major street after waiting for the pedestrian signal, walk along the sidewalk together, cross another street that meets the first at an intersection, and then we step into the grass. 
There are people walking their dogs, children playing for the last time before it’s too dark in the distance, couples sitting near trees, and lone, sad looking women sitting by themselves. 
We are looking along the underbrush of a row of curving trees, where their lower brambles and branches are spread, creating a lane of shadow. Walking away from eyes, we sit down and I unwrap the bird. Where we sit is another bird, lying atop of the grass. The second bird is fresh, for the one in my pocket, when squeezed in my palm, is coarse and hard, dry: hollow.
    “I’ve forgotten my knife.” I realize too late.
    “Hold on.” Andre stands, reaches into his pocket, then sits next to me and opens a box cutter. 
    “We are doing this, thanks, so that we can grow used to it. So that when it’s time to do something very taboo, we aren’t as virgins would be in an orgy.” 
    “Mhm.” Andre concludes.
We, hallowly blessed, a bird for each of us. I take the box cutter and begin with a plan already in mind, methodically. I press the razor into the wing at the joint, using the earth below as leverage. The second wing is more difficult, for it is awkward doing anything with finesse, let alone cutting flesh, unpracticed, with only a razor as your tool. I don’t want to catch avian flu so I’m careful not to touch it with the hand holding the razor and wholly without the other. I separate the second wing, and its legs are still more difficult to remove. After I cut the head off I hand the box cutter back to Andre.
He takes the blade, the second bird, and sinks it into where the bird's chest and head meet, forcing the thin metal pane to sink into the soil beneath; then with effort and twisting, he eventually separates the two. I watch him focus. I watch as he takes the two wings off, struggling as I did. I take the plastic bag, wrap my hand with it, and use it to help him steady the bird so we can continue our work. We seem with no need for words, moving and adjusting in tandem. After having to remove tufts and fine fur, and hair from the body, he begins to open the bird along its length. We can only tell our success in the dark light because of the sudden appearance of a red orb, clotted tissue and blood. We eventually open the bird, the skeleton can be seen, the entirety of the poor animal’s small white and red bulbous organs; but there aren’t very many and they aren’t very large. I run my palm through the wet flesh, understanding something. He hands me back the box cutter and I open the first bird so that it mirrors his work. This bird’s insides are dark brown and white, and black, but mostly very dark and brittle. The two heads lie together without organization, the eyes meeting our stare; the wings near their bodies, their legs and organs elsewhere, while the red and black carcasses sit next to each other in a perfect picture. 
I repeat my ritual to clean the blade and we sit amongst our work for a breath, watching the growth of soft purple, and faint greens, everywhere in this part of the world.

Chapter

Once it is night in the park, where the once pink and pinker flowers near the budding stems of purple have all approached anonymity, and the couples have become cozy under the somber sky and beneath the trees, after the rippling water has become quiet and still in the wind, we leave the birds to rot and head back to my place.

    “Finding that second bird, right where we sat, you think that was a coincidence?”
    “Maybe. I’ve got to tell you something, but let’s get upstairs.”
We’ve reached the fifth floor. Andre, standing on the platform to my left and behind me, leans against the polished wooden balustrade; the window in the hallway, profiling his shoulders as I glance between him and the keyhole, reminds me how quickly it can become dark. 

    “When’s your mother due back?”
    “Not tonight.”
    “You mind if I put some music on?” After Andre settles into his seat, I lay on my back onto the ottoman along the wall and windows; and look out into the night sky.
    “When I was a child, before I realized what was constantly happening, there would always be dead animals in my path, or found more frequently the more often I…” I don’t know how to say it without it sounding superstitious, but I suppose that’s the benefit of Andre listening. “It would be summer and I've finished my last class of the day, I’m  walking home as the last few weeks approached the school year; where it became hotter and brighter outside. I’d be invited to a friend’s house, so… as I’m crossing the appropriate streets, choosing my path based on which sidewalk had more shade, and trees; so, you know, I’m walking down the cooler sidewalk, and in my path, the next few meters would be rows of dead animals. In my memory there’s a lot; I want to say four dead birds, maybe more. One; is, you know…unfortunate for the poor thing: two; is fatal; you think they died together after they lived together: Three; is strange; right next to each other, they were spaced a meter, at most, apart. But any more than that, as if they were placed together…well, it’s why I remember it. In my mind as a child, I quickly rationalized it: they died in the heat; all five of them, right next to each other, in a near perfect row, pointing in the direction that I'm walking. Not in the grass, where they’re supposed to be; if they fell from branches... It made sense at the time, and I suppose it still does. Or I'll see rats, exploded, underneath where I was going to place my foot, noticing it at the last moment. I’d go visit another friend's house, for one or two days, and there’d be a dead rabbit in the backyard and another rabbit coming to die. Or animals would just seize, right in my path, right in front of me, and die for me to witness. The dead birds I find, right outside my door; this door is away from the walking path, it leads into the basement where I store a lot of my supplies; paintings, things like that. You turn away from the walking path, down cement stairs, and then make another turn, so the dead bird is tucked too far away, but sometimes animals do that: they’ll find somewhere private to die. The alley behind my house, there was a dead monkey, crushed down the middle by a car, so that on either side were these dark haired, gangly limbs that were too long be a dog or cat; where are people keeping monkey’s around here? I suppose now that I’m thinking about it, it could have been a coyote, they have very long legs, but it seemed too disproportionate; the way that primates have small bodies and typically longer limbs... Or I'll go and take a piss in a different alley a few blocks away, watching my own back in my vulnerability and then I'll unconsciously watch to see where I'm peeing, and I've been standing in the grave of a dead raccoon. Or I'd go to the park, and there’s an animal with its throat torn out and then days, or weeks later, the park would be littered with carcasses placed near the roots of trees, or along the path out in the open, little bones with maggots and dried, you know, viscera; smaller bird skulls with flesh and grime, still soft, but dry and spilling out. Or in the dirt, a small gathering of miscellaneous bones and carcasses at far different levels of decay: a hunting ground. 
    “Or during winter I'd watch, over time, as squirrels, opossums would be covered in blankets of snow. It’s to the point that I have to watch the ground more often than what lies before me, looking straight ahead, in case I'm… leaving the restaurant with my friends (during high school), and I’m the one to accidentally kick a dead animal hidden in the grass. I’d be going to a hospital to donate blood and there’s a dead cat in the road, or I'd be leaving the city and there’s a dead deer, or moose in traffic. It’s strange in the same way that as we were sitting down today, you almost sat on a dead bird, after I had found one in my path ten minutes before; how we found another one of the bunnies that you suspected to have died. 
    “I won’t sit here and say that I find dead animals everyday, but it wouldn’t be that much of an exaggeration to say I find them extremely often, and every time if l actively look. But, worse yet… My suspicion is that, or was for a very, very short time, you know, going through iterations of absurd possibilities that I have always known to be delusional, but…well, the first thought was that I am being followed by Death, and then that Death has been leaving me gifts. Then it became that those things I’ve been finding, the little animals, were the symbolic manifestation of Death, so that I wouldn’t fear it; fear her. I think she’s a Her, for some reason; it sounds right when I say it aloud. Being that I'm mortal, she’s trying to slowly ebb herself into my life, but not all at once so that I'm overwhelmed and…taken. 
    “Another thought is that these are symbolic manifestations of tools that I don't know how to use because of their taboos. ‘Don’t play with dead animals.’, you know? It’s like-”
    “No, I see what you’re saying, this is what I've been talking about.” Andre begins, “We’ve shared this idea in a similar vein: where I’m this vessel in this abstract, primordial plane; where the things around me are overwhelming distracting, like a video game, and I’m a toddler too close to the screen, but all around the room, the other objects in my crib, or on the floor with me as a toddler, are these symbolic or holographic icons. The issue is I've no clue how to use these other things, or look away from the screen for very long; and when I do look away from the screen, in my confusion, I get frightened and am told to keep looking because to look away is to become insane. There’s this whole peripheral world, but Man looks at the screen, and…doesn’t play with dead animals, like you said.”
    “How’d you feel about what we did with the birds?”
    “Fine. I mean, it was repulsive for one moment. Like, there is this unsaid, softly said, unseen barrier… that is …it’s like flashing red, revulsion, that says ‘Stop’; when I was watching my hand approach the bird. But once I put the knife to it, it was fine, especially after the bunny we found.
    “Even if I'm afraid, or anxious, I'll still do something out of will, to see how great my will is. There this, uh, a question in my mind, or a prompt: ‘Are you a coward?’; and then the second prompt reads, or it’s the same prompt but with a different interpretation: ‘Do you have a limit?’; or something vague like that. If I say I can do something, that I doubt I can truly achieve, can I will myself to realize it, to make it real, and…the key I think, or not the key…” Andre breaks off for a moment, I turn away from him and continue looking at the black sky, darting my eyes between the young moon and night. “I think there’s, like, a threshold.” Andre begins again, “Everyone is the same, and equal, because we all do the same and ultimately equal things in merit; even the most brilliant, far reaching, super intellectual, gymnast, pianist, painter, astronaut, surgeon, whatever it may be. In the end, it amounts to something very beautiful and worth the time of life, and happiness, or misery for others, but ultimately netting and defining the individual as: human. I think taboo’s, some of them, are ways to…no. I think there is something in taboos, like we said, but it isn’t the end, it’s like the beginning of a systemic collapse, where if we are able to see the correct thing to do, which domino to tilt, then we can achieve our goal. A propagation of spooky action.” 
Andre gets up, chooses another album to play on the computer placed on the translucent and teal glass coffee table where, next to it, stands a small statue that my mother softly covers. He sits back into his place, leaning toward me on his elbow into the crux of the couch, so that his head is near my waist; as I continue looking above me, outside, through the window.
    “I had this dream once, I’m sleeping next to Micah, and I’m dreaming that I’m walking in the dark in our neighborhood. In this dream: I'm in a passageway, behind rows of apartments that lead into the alley in one direction and the grass front lawn in the other; but in the night I've chosen to make a detour and go through this darker part of the neighborhood. Next to the wooden stair of this apartment, the backstair, there are two skunks. I wake up feeling hungry in the middle of the night, so I decide to go to the store. I’m walking in the same path because it’s my usual passage, and coming away from that area where I was standing in my dream is a skunk minding its business. So I’m saying to myself, I’m saying, ‘I just dreamt this. I just dreamt this. In the exact same spot. The same spot?’ It's this quiet chant to myself, because I'm trying to not fall into rationalization and pretend that what I'm witnessing isn’t strange, pretend that the real reason I’m outside after midnight, minutes after I woke up, isn’t because I’m trying to see if my dream was just a dream or prophetic. I have that habit of, uhm, denial. Adapting and repressing: the mind of the modern man. So I'm saying, ‘Ok, but there is only one skunk. Even though it’s the same exact spot, there were two skunks in the dream. But it’s too much of a coincidence, I just dreamt this before I left.’ I live three minutes from where I saw the skunk, and it takes me less than that to put clothes on enough for a short spell to the store. ‘But there is only one skunk.’, I continue walking, passively searching around me, and then I get to the store; this beacon out of the dream... I grab whatever, and then I head back,  the same route home, but I've decided to go investigate…follow the proverbial rabbit. I’m still muttering to myself about how strange, how too strange it was to dream of the skunks and then see them in the same spot minutes later in waking, and as I’m saying this, no bullshit, I see the second skunk, in the middle of the alley behind the store I just left, looking at me apprehensively; deciding if it needs to defend itself.”
    “I’m listening, I'm going to make some tea.” 
Andre follows me into the kitchen. 
    “...Can’t remember the last time I've seen a skunk since. I’ve smelled them, maybe; but I didn't smell them that night, causing me to dream of them and wake up, either. Anyways, that feeling of dread, I think it’s called, ‘mortal fear’, or fright of the uncanny, I don’t know the word for the feeling, but when I’m not experiencing it, everything seems fine and permissible, explainable, and even if not entirely explainable it seems irrelevant to the more important things going on in real life, but then I’ll have dreams that come true, or visions that come true the next day, the same day, in the same ten minute window like that night, and it’s like I’ve been a coward, running away from my fate. This man I live with, I’ve, well, I don’t know, I asked him, because he’s this devoutly religious man, what it means to see visions because that’s as biblical as it gets, and he didn’t think it was that strange; he assured me: that people who see visions are not uncommon, that God speaks to his children in many ways, that it is just the more notable way of communication. It sounds exactly like what a Christian would say. ‘Fear not, my child.’” He says with papal benediction. “Or, ‘God has a plan for you’...I don't know though. I feel this rope beneath my feet, where below me and in the abyss, lays …psychosis, at best.”
    “You know, it’s like, psychosis and rationalization are the two ontological faces of Janus. If enough people witness a miracle, they’ll tear it apart like vultures, and betray themselves and their own fear, and rename it a scientific phenomena. I read, what’s it called, The Invisible Man and Frankenstein. I read both versions of The Invisible Man, the other is definitely better; Ellison’s, have you read it? Anyways, in both books it’s clear. Frankenstein is doing necromancy; but in all popular cannons of media, and the movie interpretations, and common understanding, portrays him as the mad scientist…the tone in the book does not suggest that at all, it suggest that he has looked to science, and science has failed him, so he looked elsewhere. In the Invisible Man, in the book, it’s essentially al-chemy, but in the more recent movies, it’s the modern naturalistic, widely understood versions of science. Scientists say, ‘Believe us, for all else is heresy’, and at the time, every new religion is the same way that gains prominence in the form of cauterization of the past or…cannibalisation.  I was reading this other book and it reminded me of our conversation, about relics, or named objects passed through religions and stories, and you mentioned ‘wine’. The one I read about was: fire; and how Vulcan…essentially, Vulcan and his description, with his lame foot, has relations to stories of fiends of fire, demons, and that Vulcan, because of the fall from that pantheon, in his immortality, has lost his prominence. You read Dante and they mention Hades as this lurking, lesser God of riches in the underworld; he’s this homeless immortal and this, Hell, is his only refuge in the new world of religion.
    “I had a dream where I’m in class and the teacher was trying to teach the class Sanskrit, but I couldn't focus because of whatever, you know, the nature of dreams. Plus I hated school, and being in school in my dreams means I'm in a nightmare. But I wake up, and because I’ve had no relations to Sanskrit, I decided to at least learn a little about it; and now I see the language all the time, everywhere, and it’s relevance in these old stories; and the stories in that language have this overwhelming and new significance in my life since that dream. You know, you read a new word in a book, and then you watch TV immediately after and within a few sentences they use this word that still seems completely incongruous in its use, but you realize that you are just suddenly attuned to it. Attuned, that’s a nice word.”
    “Attuned.”
    “Attuned. To attune. Moon. Rune. Bloom? To a tune? Sounds nice, right? Anyways, I have this idea that that is what we are doing; we’re these instruments that, or no, we are playing instruments in an orchestra, and we are children again; and the teacher is playing the tone of A, and we, the two of us in the throng, are learning to listen to the tone, and strum of violins, now knowing what to look for.”
    “Hm…that sounds right.”
We share a smile.
In the silence, the sounds of night can be heard this close to the window. 

Night sounds like Sirens. Night sounds like soft wind and the crescent of voices.
Night sounds like the space between two songs: an interlude. Night reminds me to inhale, while I can. 
Night reminds me of the time I was truly alone and closest to Death. Night reminds me of the garish street lamps in the city that illuminate all, except myself and the stranger, as we from opposite directions approach the underneath of trees, whose eyes and their stare is almost invisible in the shade betrayed by a faint glare. 

Chapter

    “Can I be with you when you break your fast?”
    “Of course.”
    “What are you going to eat?”
    “I’ve got some rice left over, vegetables. I’ll probably make soup with it, put some grilled chicken in it.”
    “How long do you fast?”
    “I eat once a day. You know, I'll start with some small oranges and an apple, then a small desert, then the bowl of soup, and then it’s tea for the rest of the day. I sleep a lot, so that helps.”
    “Been seeing a lot of black cats lately, especially around here. I saw one yesterday when I left, directly across the street, in the middle like it was waiting to cross; I hoped it would approach me, I love animals. Then I saw three cats, one tabby facing two black cats, one of which was probably the same, maybe two blocks away when we were walking back from the park.”
    “One of those cats is the neighbor’s across the street. Sometimes at, like, three in the morning, you can hear him calling for her; or when it rains. How did you play as a child?” 
    “How? Um…I mean, I played a lot with girls when I was young. I was described as shy, and I suppose it’s true, but really I was just more comfortable with them. I think it’s more accurate to say I was really sensitive, and their games were just as fun. I’d be really good at this one hand game with them, and then would be, in a friendly way, laughed at by my boy friends when they saw how good I was at it. Have you heard of ‘Slide’, it’s like…‘Slide, slide, slippery, slide…’ and then, anyways,” Andre looks down, smiling to himself at the memory. “There was that game, and a few other hand games. I think one goes like…it goes like, ‘I don’t want to go to Mex-i-co no more-more-more, there’s a big fat police-man at my …’ and then I think you scream ‘SHAME!’ at the slower of the pair, or something. The boys I played with enjoyed wrestling a lot, and fighting, I used to wrestle a lot with my cousin who was a little younger, but not by very much. I haven’t talked to him in decades, or…no, I may have seen him six, or so, years ago; and talked to him maybe a little more recently than that. I was fairly athletic, I enjoyed football more than basketball, swimming more than football. I liked watching others who were very good at volleyball play, they’re like the pinnacle of athleticism; that and dancers. I love when women are excellent at dancing. Have you heard of ‘Four square’? That's a game with a ball, and you and three other kids are…I'm not sure, trying to eliminate the others in some convoluted way that children immediately love and understand. There was this other game that required a lot of coordination and jumping, but I can't remember what it’s called. Me and my friends, when we were older, it was like a rite of passage to be brave enough to participate in this game: there’d be a brick wall, a long tall brick wall, wide enough for a large amount of players for elimination; I remember always being full of pride that I could throw the tennis ball from a great distance and still hit the wall, but the game was, I think, you throw the ball at the wall from a very far point, and then it ricochets and another catches it and he throws it, and it’s this rapid game of catching the ricocheting ball, at as few bounces as possible, but if you fumbled the ball, then you had to drop everything and run to the wall before another picked the ball up and threw it with all their strength at your running back.” Andre laughs to himself and I am beginning to love the sound of his voice, or realize that I always have. “What about you?”
    “I had this one friend, my best friend at the time when I was especially young, and he introduced me to cursing, and I thought my soul was forfeit. We’re sitting on this carpet, him and another boy on either side of me, goading me into saying, ‘Fuck’ or ‘Hell’, ‘Shit’? I don’t know, one of those words that meant the world when you are very young. I was… after I said it, I couldn't stop. I realized how much I loved cursing or doing things I wasn't supposed to; doing things I wasn't supposed to that I feared, and then realizing there were no consequences, that I wasn't going to be punished... And me and this friend, and he was, or his family was, a part of a gang, and I was as reckless as him, you know, beyond thrilled to have a reason to, I don’t know, live as a child, commit crimes, stupid shit that is extremely fun and dangerous at that age; so it’s him, the initiator, and me, the best friend. He was feared by other kids our age, and really just awful to deal with for the staff taking care of us, while I enjoyed doing taboos when my mother wasn’t looking, you see? So we’d start fires, harass quiet neighborhoods on Halloween, and his mother would buy us eggs and toilet paper to do it with. She was a great woman, very charming and sweet. And kind. I loved her, and she took care of me a lot. She encouraged me to act out, but in private. Like, ‘Ok, you can do this under my supervision, but nowhere else’ kind of attitude. No, that’s not accurate, it was more ‘Have fun’. I’d jump out after my best friend, and she’d abandoned us for the night; I’m in second grade at the oldest, in the middle of the city with this costume she bought me because I was too poor to afford one for Halloween, and we had a few cartons of eggs each. I remember, at the beginning of that night, she tells us that she has to first go pick something up, so it’s me alone in the backseat, my best friend in the front passenger, and I’m wearing this costume that, in part, only reminded me of how poor I was, but it was perfect: I was Death. So she comes back out of the store and she gets in the car and she’s like, ‘The cashier in there was so nosey. She asked if I bought these to go throw them at people’s houses.’ and my best friend says something… ‘What did you say?’, and she says, ‘I told her: No, it’s for my girlfriend’s baby shower.’, and as she’s telling the story, I remember being impressed at how quick she was to come up with that plausible explanation; she opens the grocery bag and hands cartons of eggs, and that’s how Halloween started. 
    “We are going everywhere, anywhere, throwing them at people, cars, windows with the light on and people passing by inside. I’m completely turned around in the dark, mostly just running after him, struggling with my costume, and we are walking down this one street, lost in a sense, and this car is coming, so he pulls me behind this mailbox and we wait; the car drives past, we throw a bunch of eggs, and some frozen ones I think too, and by the time we can hear the car abruptly stop and screams and voices chasing us, he’s already running, pulling me after him. We run into this area between townhouses that are facing each other on either side of an aisle. My thought was to keep running, keep running and gain distance. I was really fast back then; but he was clever. He pulls me down into the dark, this cement cutout in the floor, maybe three cubic meters, right beside where we just turned into. Each of the townhouses had one, their facades being identical in the row, all mirroring each other. So I'm following him into the black, thinking and knowing that there is no way out. Half a moment later, four people come, and we are nearly clutching each other in the forced silence. All they had to do was look down, really, we were that close. But, to them, they chased these two boys, after suddenly seeing their windshields covered in eggs, into the darkness; they followed them, and then once they got to where they saw them, it was just this empty lane of houses. They run down the aisle, the direction I was planning to go, and we disappear to harass more people. This was a yearly tradition. That same night, she pulls us into this quiet, quiet, respectable neighborhood, where no one apparently celebrated Halloween, and there's this house with a large glass windowpane that probably is very nice in the daylight so the house and the outside world appear to be hardly separated. She stops the car in the street, tells us to get out, or my best friend does and she agrees to let us out. I can remember the sound now, of frozen eggs against the pane and the smear of yolk as the homeowner quickly emerged from the dark house, shouting. I think he was surprised to see two children with a get-away car, because I dive into the open door of the backseat, between these parked cars on the street while my best friend ran down the sidewalk, and he’s just... We’re speeding away, because the poor homeowner is yelling that he’s already called the police; we follow my best friend, planning to meet far away, and me and his mother are just laughing… 
    “You know, as I remember it, near the end of the night, we were walking toward a park. My best friend, who was always getting suspended, or expelled, or punished for fighting more openly than I did, was afraid to walk toward and too close to this one park; we had this intuition that there was someone watching us from the dark, or maybe it was just me. Yeah. But then because we still had eggs left, we decided to attack each other, a perfect end to Halloween. The mother kisses me like a son, drops me off at home and waits for me to get inside, and drives away with my best friend. I hope they’re doing all right.”

EPILOGUE

A Play in Three Acts

    “I have given you my soul; leave me my name!” Proctor from The Crucible 

Act One Scene One

Two men can be seen in a well-furnished apartment as the evening approaches midnight. 

Andre, a man aged twenty nine years, who can be described as tall and gaunt, reclines into a sofa. Marcus, a man aged twenty six years, who is taller than average, but the shorter of the pair, who is described as handsome to the point of femininity, can be seen lain on a cushioned seat near Andre, as he stares at the moon through his apartment window. The apartment is poorly lit, for the only light source is within the kitchen, far behind them.

Marcus, who during their conversation wears the face of a man who sees that the pair of them are increasingly closer and approaching a precipice in their relationship; but hides this expression behind quiet uncertainty: I saw, a while ago, this crow and this hawk flying in the sky. The hawk was being bullied by the crow; not out of fear of danger, but in the sense that it was being made fun of. The crow was being overly playful and annoying, swooping into the larger bird of prey, with no fear of retaliation. 

Andre: Crows…

Marcus: Eventually, the hawk leaves the flying space, and I only remembered this because I saw it again earlier this week. High in this tree, the tallest tree, I think, in this square kilometer; this real twisting and winding tree, but so tall that I’ve seen them consistently maintain it for fear of property damage; there are these crows crying in the sky around it. You know, I’m walking around, I think, I see an old man stopped on the sidewalk, staring up at the birds and his socks are all the way up to his knees…I follow his line of sight and, in a moment, I'm two places at once.

Andre, who during their conversation has been trying to remember a note he emailed to himself many, many weeks ago about a short story he wanted to write: Two soul mates meet, and…I think it was two soul mates, and one of them is listening to music and she’s got her headphones in. Maybe she’s getting off of work or going to work; she’s in the middle of her day, another day in her life. And her soul mate sees her before she notices. He is drawn to her… prompting a conversation, but because of the interruption that she seems to get daily by strange men, she looks at him with obvious distrust behind an expressionless gaze.

Marcus: Then what happened? 

Andre: I don’t remember. I don’t remember where I wrote it down. It ends tragically and banal. I think, uh, because of the timing, they miss their chance and live life regularly and …the end.

Marcus: Forever? They never meet again, being that they are soul mates?

Andre, sitting up and then pacing around the room: I may have emailed it to myself... Where’s my phone? 

Marcus: Don’t worry about it; we’ll make sure, before you leave…

Andre, sits down and turns to look at the reclining body of Marcus; who has been facing away from him, toward the window. As Andre’s eyes wonder to the features of the face, Marcus, as if given a clue and cue, turns and meet’s Andre’s stare. 

Marcus: I’ve figured it out; what we are supposed to do.

Andre, feeling as though his stare betrayed him, looks away.
Marcus continues, sitting up abruptly, mirroring Andre as he faces him.

Marcus: A ritual. But it will only work if both of us forgo our ego.

Andre: ‘Forgo our ego’…(Aside) ‘Forgo… our ego’ (Aloud) Mutual humiliation? 

Marcus, who as Andre is talking, stands and crosses the living room, stops before the front door with his hand hesitating over the handle: (Aside) No…it has to be here. It has to be done in private… and intimate. (Aloud) What's a private and intimate ritual?

Andre: A bath. 

Marcus, realizing that he’d been staring at the open bathroom doorway to his right, unsettled at how often Andre and himself share thoughts. Through his nerves and aloud: A bath.

Andre watches Marcus, still with dread. 
Marcus enters the bathroom, turns the light on.

Marcus: Your phone’s in here.

Andre has gotten up before he can stop himself, and pauses at the threshold of the bathroom doorway; looking at the phone near the sink, instead of the man before him: I was washing my hands…

Marcus approaches, in a partial step, the threshold between them. He turns off the light in the bathroom as he looks to Andre: Without ego. You see?

Andre watches Marcus as he turns and faces the dark basin, giving him his back. Andre is ashamed in his fear; aware of the sweat sliding down his rib cage, beneath his shirt; along the waistband of his pants, between his legs. 
Marcus, while turning to face the sink and the mirror above it, takes off his own shirt.

Marcus stares into the dark reflection and, for a moment, sees something impossible. He makes an effort to maintain his trance against the mirror: First, a holy bow. (He unbuttons his jeans and slides them down the length of his legs.) Perform the miracle with grace… without doubt… 

Andre, in his silence, watches Marcus undress and whisper in the dark.

Marcus reaches for the basin, the faucet and knobs that flow water into it, and turns the handle; he realizes that this is the handle he has been looking for; he realizes they’re on the correct path.

The tub is a quarter filled. 

Delicate moonlight traces their individual bodies. Faint noises can be heard from neighboring windows.

Andre crosses the threshold into the bathroom.

The tub is half filled.

Marcus, with his back facing Andre: We’ll only fail because of doubt… We’ll only fail because of doubt!

Andre, hearing Marcus answer the thought burgeoning in him, takes another step into the bathroom. 

A few words more can be said about Andre, despite his lengthy introduction: Andre is a poor soul who has been riddled with both great self esteem and debilitating self doubt, though not uncommon, has developed in a strange way within himself; differing from others like him. In life, he has gained independence from his family and has finally begun living the life he thought inaccessible just a few years prior. In most facets of life he succeeds where he’s passionate, but because of fear, it takes years to will himself to chase his ambitions. The most unsettling thing about him that he knows is true but doesn’t think is true is that it doesn’t matter if he, who has been dealing with psychosis, is correct in his delusions, or wrong like the overwhelming, almost all consuming, vast majority of others; it doesn’t matter because he is too scared to admit that the coincidences he’s been experiencing aren’t coincidences: the prophetic dreams that come true, the prescience of awfulness taking place very soon. Marcus, a source of apprehension in his privacy, has become his only soul of sanctuary. 

Andre, remembering the words Marcus had whispered between them, says, aloud: There are only two people in the world; the Coward and the Honorable.

Marcus steps into the basin. He turns the faucet off, breaking his own trance.

Andre steps closer and stands where Marcus stood, facing the dark mirror. He takes his shirt off and as he steps out of his pants, tension and dread begin to dissipate. He steps into the water and lowers himself, facing Marcus. Once he is settled, the water is leveled perfectly and almost still.

In the silence they begin their simple ceremony of bathing each other.

Andre stares at the silhouette in the bath before him: Three is an important number. We’ve done the first.

Marcus: The first …what? What’s next?

Andre: We are…I am? I am? That sounds weird, right? Not the words, but …I am? The voice. The voice. I feel dissociated. I am. I AM. I am supposed to say something. I am supposed to say something. I am supposed to say something.

Marcus continues bathing the silhouette before him, listening to the voice out of the dark, accepting the ritual naturally. 

Andre who has, in a trance, been listening to his own voice and tracing the truth based on what sounds correct, as if he’s remembering what has already taken place and the words that were spoken: I am supposed to say something. I am supposed to say something. I am supposed to say something to you. I am supposed to say something to you and it will be the truth. I am supposed to say something to you. I am supposed to tell you the truth? What’s the truth? (He says, already knowing the answer.) The truth is…the truth is…

Marcus: The truth is simple.

Andre, thankful for the help, fearing that the truth was already known: The truth is simple. The truth is simple? That’s it? It sounds right, right? The truth is simple. The simple truth. The truth is simple; we are in thirds. (Andre’s eyes begin to bite with his fear.) 

Marcus: “In thirds”? Of… “In thirds”…of the ritual…So, what's the next part?

Andre: The next part is…the next part is…(His voice just above a whisper.) the next part is…hard. The next part… (Seeing his outstretched hand against Marcus, and embarrassed at his petrification, he takes his hand away; but with assumed strength he says,) …we separate.

Marcus:  We…For how long?

Andre with an unfamiliar voice and a tone that betrays himself: We separate…? (Affected with the dismay heard in Marcus, he says,) And fate brings us back together, but it will look like an accident.

Marcus has been staring at the silhouette, whose features vaguely resemble Andre’s in the dim, dim moonlight.

Andre gets out of the tub, towels himself hurriedly, annoyed in his anxiety, and with the same frantic self-conscious movements, he puts his clothes back on. He leaves the apartment as Marcus watches him from the tub.

Act One Scene Two

The next morning after breakfast and the dark night in the bathroom, Marcus can be seen sitting in a prairie, combing the blades through his fingers and toes, looking into the hills and into a wood. 

Marcus has been exercising, hoping to accidentally encounter Andre, for they live near one another; and the park he has spent the last few hours walking along the perimeter is where Marcus and Andre, earlier in the week, had begun baring their souls.

Marcus breaks the stare with the expanse of green before him, and turns around at a spectacle: a fight between large dogs. He watches the dogs, and the owners as they try to calm down their respective beast in an attempt to separate themselves from the encounter, placating the opposite owner. He quietly muses the few superficial differences between Man and Animal, as he watches the contest of egos; He concludes, “animals are simply earnest” as he sees a man emerging from a cluster of dense, old, but blossoming white petal and green leaf trees. Marcus begins to stare, unable to appreciate anything beyond the man’s obvious and direct approach toward him, and the pair of fighting dogs with their hapless, helpless owners.

The stranger: What are you looking at?

Marcus, realizing he is in the wrong for staring, but not out of fear does he say an unspoken apology: The dogs.

The stranger: No, I mean what are you doing there, sitting? (The stranger has stopped along the path, and walked into the grass toward Marcus.)

Marcus: Just thinking, I suppose. Not really looking at anything.

The stranger: You seem very spiritual.  My name is [---], may I sit?

Marcus: Please. (They shake hands.)

The stranger: Do you meditate?

Marcus: Not particularly. Do you?

The stranger: All the time. I was running laps earlier though.

Marcus: That’s cool.

The stranger: May I ask what you do for a living?

Marcus: I make pictures and sell them.

The stranger: How much do you get for them?

Marcus, thinking he is a potential buyer, multiplies his last sold price by four: $2000 

The stranger: Congratulations. 

Marcus: What do you do for work?

The stranger: Forex trading.

Marcus: What exactly is that?

The stranger: Basically, I watch the fluctuating values of currencies, and buy them when they are lower and sell them for profit. Do you follow?

Marcus: Yeah, you’ve explained it simply.

The stranger: It’s not my passion though; my passion is music. Can I ask you something, if you were me, would you follow your passion or continue working to help your family? I just feel stuck in this cycle, where my mother is always going to need my help, and I'll never be able to do the one thing I've always wanted. In my culture, it’s really about The Family, and what you can do to support the whole family, instead of achieving as an individual, like you Americans do.

Marcus: Well, you’ve only got one life; don’t want to get to the end, and resent your family, so you might as well go after what you want. Make it work.

The stranger: I wrote a song, can I sing it for you?

Marcus, gesturing with a hand: Please. 

In the song he longs for truth and God, and for God to come down and give him answers.In the song’s second verse he feels as a man would who has been isolated, and withering for his mother’s sake. The song rhythms well; sung with genuine emotion.

Marcus: I liked it a lot. It…it sounds like exactly what you were talking about, in a sense. That you feel lost, and your quest for God. I think it’s honest.

The stranger, warming to Marcus: Thank you. I’ve got a few others I could show you some time. I’ve been writing more recently, after having not done so for years. So what kinds of things do you think about, when you sit here like this?

Marcus: I suppose… in a passive, soft sense, I am meditating. I’m…I’m both thinking about my life and, I guess, what I'm going to eat tonight; about my life and the shit I’ve been through. I come here to calm down. Recalibration. 

The stranger: I can understand that. My mother and my whole family really look to me to provide, so I do what I can to take care of my body and my mind.  When I’m there though, with them, I feel so burdened and like a burden myself. Am I doing enough for her as she becomes older? Am I doing enough with my life?

Marcus, hearing the familiarity and hoping to express the same sincere kinship: I’ve felt the same way; I think everyone does, there is no other explanation. People have to be putting on appearances, the only other explanation is idiocy. If you aren’t plagued by reality then you’re-

The stranger with a kind and gently smiling expression: An idiot? (They share a small laugh.) Do you recognize me?

Marcus senses the undercurrent of unease finally unveiling: Have we met before?

The stranger: I’m God.

Marcus looks the man before him over, gauging he’s in his early twenties: Hm. 

God: Can I ask you something else; I just feel like I can talk with you. What am I supposed to do with my life, because I feel even with my dreams and my family, I feel those aren’t enough; what do I do with the rest of my time? I’ve become so used to misery. I am God and I've lived as the rapist, the murderer, the cheater, the priest. And in the end, it’s all pointless. It’s all pointless and the distinction between one and another hardly seems relevant anymore. I look at you, and I’ve been you; so now as me, in this vessel, after the things I’ve told you, what advice do you give me?

Marcus: What do you mean you are God?

God: Don’t forget that I told you it. 

Marcus, annoyed with his ego and pretense: What do you mean you’ve been me; you think you know me? 

God: I mean, I am everything. I am just a vessel that has realized he is God, and you are the other vessel I am talking with.

Marcus: All right. I’m sitting here, having a conversation with God. (Marcus understands that it doesn’t matter whether he believes him or not.)

God looks to Marcus as one would look to a teacher, or as one would look to another miserable soul that has figured the way off Mt. Purgatory: So what should I do with my time and my life?

Marcus: I always find hedonism to be the perfect respite. I’m not talking about sex, or drugs, but…sitting in the grass; eating fruit; the sunshine, and seeing beautiful women and having sex with beautiful women, too. Going further than you thought possible, further than you could yesterday. Outliving your enemies, destroying your enemies; having your enemies trade places with you and seeing them low. The best thing there is, is pleasure, and the highest pleasure is the anticipation of perfect pleasure, the moment right before it.

God: So when you’re with a woman, that’s right before you have sex with her?

Marcus: Well, foreplay is the better part of sex; but specifically, after you’ve already had sex with her, it’s the moment before you cum. Right before the orgasm, to me, is way better. Once you’ve orgasmed it’s only anticlimactic from there, even though it feels great. There's that moment of dizzying impossibility, not knowing how great it’ll feel, before it comes. Pleasure. Paradise. What else is there to do? (Marcus says this, believing it to be true, though with self imposed duty; the sense that he is trying to save a man who may have lost his mind, the attempt at inspiring hope, a hand as he hangs from a ledge.)

God: I’ve got a gift for you.

Marcus: Really?

God offers Marcus what he has long coveted in his heart, alone in the dark before sleep, with wild hope, wild unspoken hope. What God has offered, in spite of Marcus’ worldview, he believes is too intangible, too fantastic, especially to be rendered right before his eyes, for God has offered to impart Marcus with the gift immediately; but at a cost: Marcus has to become completely, physically vulnerable to this stranger who he suspects to be delusional; whom Marcus hasn’t trusted since the moment he saw him. The moment Marcus saw him, the stranger had already been staring at Marcus, reminding him of Andre, their dialogue of singular coincidences and knowing; when you know someone, who you have never seen, is going to say something to you, despite the lack of reason; knowing like one knows a memory. 
God detects distrust.

God: I was being more than friendly in my offer, but if you decline, then… (God offers his hand to shake.)

The two shake hands.

God gets up and leaves, while Marcus watches from the grass.

Act One Scene Three

Along the perimeter of a prairie full of headstones, a man with flowers can be seen, walking. The man walks with a subtle expression of preoccupation that, the longer he seems to walk, appears to be slowly replaced by outright consternation.

Andre: It wasn’t supposed to rain today, is it going to rain? I hope the gate is open.

(Two young women can be seen approaching in the distance)

Andre: I don’t think anyone will give me a second look. Just don’t look at anyone…Hi.

(The two young women pass)

Andre: Women are so interesting. She was so beautiful. The one on the left…the one on the right, coming toward me, seemed the better looking…but then … Should I be holding the flowers like this?

(The Cemetery Entrance approaches)

Andre: Go a distance, then come back out…Of course. It’s closed. That would have been perfect…  Well, I guess I should look for more flowers…Jesus, I need to leave this city; everyone looks like people from my past…is that her?

(A woman in the distance can be seen stopping briefly, talking to a man, before the conversation appears to end) 

Andre: I’m…that’s definitely her. Small world.

Woman: Excuse me, sir. Sir? I’ve asked everyone, and no one can help me. I’m sorry to ask, and I’m sorry if I’m bothering you, but I was wondering if you could help me. I’m trying to get inside for the night because today’s my birthday. I was evicted from my apartment a few days ago.

Andre: (Aside) God, it is her. She’s homeless… She hasn’t broken eye contact; she has to recognize me, as I recognize her. She has to. Does she recognize me? (Aloud) Yeah, uh, I can get you a place to stay. 

Woman: Oh, sir, I don’t want to…I wouldn’t want to go to people’s houses…

Andre: Uhm, it’s not my place, but a part of the building I live in. it would be safe for the night, no one would bother you or…

Woman: I don’t want to get in trouble…

Andre: No, uh, no one would know. And you wouldn’t get in trouble, it’d be fine. (Aside) I was just writing about her last night, about …my childhood…

Woman: I don’t feel comfortable with that, sir… I was hoping, instead, you could give me some money, so that I could get room for the night. Anything would help me so much.

Andre: I don’t carry any money around with me. (Aside) God, she thinks I’m going to rape her. Doesn’t she recognize me? It’s been… we were so young, but she looks the same, just …Should I tell her that I recognize her?

Woman: If we go to an ATM... I would go with you.

Andre: I don’t…(Aside) Should I say something? Would I want to be recognized when I’m this desperate? I’m not going to hurt you.

Woman: Please, anything.

Andre: I don’t have enough to give. (Aside) She hasn’t broken eye contact, she has to recognize me. Just…tell her that you know her, that she can trust you. Kayleigh, its me. We were in love when we were children. Kayleigh. Kayleigh, can’t you see me?

Woman: Ok, thank you sir. I’m sorry to bother you. (The woman walks away, forsaken.)

Andre: (Aside) Just say it. Just say it. Say it. Say it. “Kayleigh”. That’s all it would take… (Aloud) Excuse me, miss? Excuse me? 

(The woman exits)

Andre is forced still in place wearing an expression of misery. He realizes what it would be like, as a woman, if he followed her. He realizes he can’t help the girl he once loved. Andre sees this woman, for the first and last time in decades, and is sorry for how he must appear to her, as a stranger, as faintly dangerous. She has lived her whole life and at the end, lost her dignity; while he has lived and began to throw aside his virtue.

Act Two Scene One

In a small apartment, a man can be seen kneeling on the floor before a wooden chair. Atop of the chair is a computer that the man looks to for guidance, wearing the expression of one near despair and brought to prayer before their icon; below the chair, on the floor, are tools. Beside the man is a woman, reclining in a doze.

Man: What time is it…? I’ve got time. I’ve got time. (He runs his palm over his scalp.) Can you hear me? It’s going to be al’right. I'll take care of everything. I love you. (He gently brushes the Woman’s face.) 

The Man reaches for the first tool, a paring knife.

Man: What time is it? Ok. Damn, I should have brought towels. I need some towels.

The Man reaches for the computer to replay a section of the video.
The Woman continues to doze.

Outside, a car can be heard racing through the streets with a garish engine.

He takes the paring knife, crosses himself, and uses the point to open a crescent seam.

Man: You’re almost here, my love. And you're right on time, just be patient. 

The Man scores over the crescent seam, repeating through the layers. Because of the stream of darkness, he doesn’t realize the mistake of slicing the tip of his ring finger; only until he brings the knife to repeat the gesture, and cuts across his knuckles, does he pull his hand out. The Man stands for a moment and looks at the reclining Woman. He can’t remember why he’s limited on time, but it causes him to rush around the apartment, looking for towels and bed sheets to kneel on, and to absorb the pool forming beneath him.  After returning from the bathroom with a plastic curtain and cloth towels, he drapes the plastic where he was kneeling and the towels nearby; as he replaces himself in front of the Woman, the video has ended for the third time.

The man restarts the video.

Man: I can’t see shit. I need an assistant. Should I…? No, let professionals do that, after. First…First, the…I’m almost done. Damn, didn’t I restart the video? What? (The Man kneels closer, bending himself so that he can hear the Woman.) What? Don’t worry, I'm almost done, it’s going to…it’s going to…

The Man plunges his hand and his arm nearly disappears to the elbow.

Man: Wait. Wait. I should wash my hands. (He stands, paces over the Woman, and washes his hands in the kitchen sink.) I should get a pillow for her…(He goes into the living room and grabs the first few pillows he sees lain on the couch. After he returns to the kitchen, he props the Woman’s head off the floor.) How’s that? 

The Man uses the paring knife, doing his best to follow his instructions; only stopping to expunge the blood soaked towels into the sink so that he can reuse them. He regains his place in front of the Woman, and for a moment he sees his dream realized, what he knew to look for, a bulbous white sac.

Man: Stay still. (He takes the paring knife and makes a final crescent, mirroring the moon, mirroring the smile on his face.) Oh, she’s so small. My baby... Oh, my love, she's so small. (He leans over and kisses the Woman, once on the forehead and then a hint on the lips.) Can you see…? What? (He leans close to the reclining Woman, to hear what is escaping from her lips.)

The Man rises, his miracle in hand, then exits the apartment.

Act Two Scene Two

In a wood, deep in a city of millions and millions and millions of people, Marcus can be seen wandering alone in the dark after midnight. He looks of a man searching for what no longer exists, in the guise of night.  His eyes are downcast as he walks, over roots and fallen branches, over undergrowth and through shrubbery.

Marcus looks up in the space between the trees and leaves, glancing at the moon, before returning his gaze downcast: Go on, keep following me. Follow me into the darker part. (He idly glances behind him at a man nearly ten meters away.) Don’t turn around too often, though. Make it…make it look like you're nervous. Fucking idiot; in a moment it’ll be too dark, too quickly. (Marcus passes in front of the last distant radiation of a lamp.) A little more… Then I'll have already adjusted to the dark. A little more…And you will be blind. (Marcus has entered the darkest part of the small forest.) Come on, keep following me. Oh, the coward. (The following man has turned back.) Fuck, I’m fucked up. Walking around with a knife in your pocket. Well, there are worse things.

All that can be heard is the snapping of branches and poorly disguised, clumsy footfalls. All that can be seen is the wood in moonlight.

Marcus: What’s this? (Stumbling on white jagged stones, Marcus squats in the park and picks up bones with no traces of flesh, the spine of an animal.) How many are there? Hm. (He takes handfuls into his pockets, and continually filling his hands, sifting through the dark and dirt for more tiny unjointed bones.) Have they been bleached by the sun, they’re so clean…Or they’re dirty. They’re dirty but they look white; hardly any smell. Hm. Man, I should save enough money and buy some bones. Skulls? Spine? A bigger spine would be cool. 

Marcus walks and is met with a river of molasses, with unknown depth in the dark: The river is so beautiful. This city is almost like that other city, the one sitting atop’of’the water. It’s beautiful, truly. It almost looks like an empty valley in the dark, like I could fall down instead of in. (Marcus picks a random, lengthy stick, and disturbs the water.) It’s closer than I thought. A swim? ( Marcus takes his clothes off.) No, that’s disgusting. I’m pretty sure there’s shit in there. Damn, it feels nice.

Marcus turns away from the river and in the moonlight a squirrel can be seen; just below eye level, clutching the tree before him. The squirrel has been watching him.

Marcus: Proof. Right now. I want proof. Do I or do I not…If you can understand me, then prove it. (The squirrel, in response and instead of talking, raises its hand to Marcus, outstretching it and then replacing it to support its weight on the tree.) Thank you, squirrel. I’ve always known. I’ve always known. I’ve always known. Thank you, squirrel. Damn. Goodbye. (Marcus walks away from both the squirrel and the pile of clothes beside the tree.) Damn. That’s fucked up. That’s fucked up, man. Damn. The fucking squirrel…I’m speaking to squirrels and their responding. I’m talking to animals. I’ve done this shit before, when was…haven’t I done something like this before? Damn it. It was right on cue. That squirrel understood what I asked. I commanded it, and it proved it. Never doubt this, Marcus. Doubt everyone, everything else, but don’t lie to yourself. Don’t try to misremember this, rationalize this. Trust yourself. Trust yourself, Marcus. Trust yourself… Damn. Right on cue, right when I asked. Right when I asked. I didn’t ask right away, remember that. I was staring at the squirrel for a moment, and the tree before I realized I was being watched. Even hungry squirrels and friendly squirrels would have made the gesture sooner or again, after. It responded once, because I asked once, and then it just stared at me; it was listening. It was listening to me. Damn. Why, fuck? I don’t want this role. (Marcus slowly falls into agony.) I don’t. I don’t. It’s too much responsibility. It’s too much, God. I can’t. Fuck it. Fuck it… But don’t deny yourself, Marcus. Don’t let others …why, damn! It was right when I asked. Right when I asked. Right when I asked! I said…what did I say? I said, ‘Give me proof that you can understand me.’, and it did. It fucking did. Never forget this. This isn’t a fucking dream. This is real life, Marcus. I’m sorry, sweetheart. I’m sorry. Oh, Marcus, no. Why! No…

Marcus has walked the length of the riverbank, turned around and looked for more animals. He begins climbing the tree, the first he sees.

Marcus: Careful. Don’t want to be the naked man they find in the woods with his head and body facing two different ways. (He laughs quietly to himself.) Ah, that would be funny, though. (He chuckles again.) It’s, like…like, he wasn’t even climbing trees, or had an accident; he’s just always looked like that. (He laughs again.) ‘What happened here, doctor?’ it’s an officer or something in the coroner's office. ‘He died of loneliness.’, ah, that’s not very funny. Careful now. Do it with sureness, and reach! (He continues up the tree, keeping his peripherals on the ground, gauging his level of danger.) Damn, it feels good tonight. Damn.

(Enter from the dark, a man with smears on his face, jacket, and hands.) 

Man: What? What did you say?

Marcus, who hadn’t seen the man nor heard him, sits and stares, silently chastising himself for leaving his knife: Hello.

Man: You said I'm damned? Damned? But… Oh, God. No. Please, sir. Please. Please... I had to. I had to, my baby…(He says through quiet, frenzied sobs.) No, God. GOD! What did I do to deserve this? I did what I had to, I…

Marcus: I was talking to myself.

Man: (Unhearing or uncaring over his own pandemonium.) Please, its…where’s the way out? There’s a way out…I don't want to die here. I don’t deserve hell. God forgive me, please…God, forgive me. God, forgive me... God, forgive me! God, please.  Oh God, oh God. Oh, God, You're him. No, Jesus, don’t do this to me. Jesus, no…(continues in a lowered voice)

Marcus, a man who has been experiencing situations like this his whole life, situations that can only be described as nighmarish, has been trying not to betray his fear: Where do you think you are? Maybe I can help.

Man: You think I don't know who you are! I can see you in that damn tree, you smell like shit! You're the Devil!...No God…but…but I had to. My baby. She …She was supposed to be born on Easter. She had to be. (He smears more of the black coloring onto his face and realizing what he’s done, tries to wipe the rest on his jacket.) If…If I bring you my baby, will you let me leave? She’s just over... My daughter…my daughter? (He turns around, all the way around and then in the other direction.) …I can bring her to you. That’s what you want, right? Right? 

Marcus: I…don’t know you, sir. You are mistaken, the park ends just over there. (Marcus points in a direction that leads toward the exit, where light can be faintly seen.)

Man: Who’s that? (He crouches, flinching in fear) Who are you! 

(In the direction Marcus has pointed, a silhouette comes into the dark toward them)

Marcus slyly pulls his leg back and still, making himself unseen in the tree.

Man: Don’t come any closer, you can’t force me to stay here. I was supposed to take my baby here. 

The Silhouette Man: Sammy… Sammy? Is that your name? Your friends are worried about you.

Man: How do you know my fucking name! Leave me alone, you… Don’t say another word, don’t! Or I’ll…I’ll fucking kill you. I’ll do it. (Spotting a stone almost larger than his hand and deceptively heavy, he picks it up, runs a pace before throwing with two arms.)

The Silhouetted Man falls, while the Man runs away from Marcus.

Marcus, who has been still in the tree for nearly ten minutes, finally begins to descend: Fuck me. Where the fuck are my clothes? Shit. Is that man…Hey! (Realizing he’s shouting, as to not draw any more attention, he whispers,) Hey! Hey! Man…Don’t be dead.

Marcus walks toward the fallen figure lain face down in the earth: Fuck, he’s fucking dead. Hold on man… You all right? (Marcus knowing he shouldn't move him but watches his hand approach the fallen man, turning him just slightly over.) Tell me this isn’t you, Sydney? Sydney? Fuck, you’re bleeding… (Marcus has the insight that he’s smearing blood all over himself and carrying a dead man, while nude in the forest; so he lays him down to rest.) Sydney, what the fuck. 

(Enter Andre, walking toward Marcus’ turned back)

Andre: Marcus…?

Marcus, in the dark, while his back is still turned, wears the face of terror and then wrath for the faintest, imperceptible moment, then turns around: Hello.

Andre: I’m looking for…who’s that?

Marcus: Andre…why are you here? Or…

Andre: I’ve been getting these frantic calls from my friend, saying Sammy ran toward this park. They said he’s manic and covered in blood. I think he’s been using...  

Marcus: I…don’t think you should go after him…

Andre: Have you seen him? Did he…?

Marcus, hating himself for the insight he’s about to disclose, but knowing it’s true: Do you remember what you said to me, the last time we spoke?

Andre: What? I don’t think this is the time…

Marcus: But you said it.

Andre, hating the awful feeling that has only grown within him, a black dread since the moment he knew it was Marcus naked in a forest, carrying a dead man: I…I…

Marcus: You said it would be a coincidence, or…But I chose this park at random, halfway across the city. And what direction are you coming from? My back was to the river, there.

Andre, realizing he can explain away most of it, for he had been planning to move in with Sammy for a few days, and was on his way until he started getting calls from Sammy himself; who had been screaming incoherently, two hours ago. Then, another call from a woman who said she got his number from Sammy, a woman he had been planning to work with named Jessica. He came into this park because she told him she and two others had seen Sammy running in the dark, holding his ribcage that seemed to be bleeding profusely. She didn’t want to say it, Andre could tell, but in so many words she was too horrified to confess – Sammy had killed his pregnant wife. Jessica and another were headed to Sammy’s apartment to await the police.

Marcus: Stop trying to rationalize it. We are at least thirty kilometers from our neighborhood. How many parks are near here, and between; and how big is this forest? Can you even see my face from there? And here we are. I know how it sounds, and… I'm sorry.

Andre: I know. I knew it immediately and I hoped… it…I hoped it was, I don’t know. I don’t know. In my mind, stumbling into a naked man carrying a dead body in the forest, at night, seemed the better alternative than it being you; but I knew it was you as soon as I saw you. God, man.

Marcus: You said it would be an “accident”; then you… You said we were “in thirds”? There’s three of us here. 

Andre: What happened to him?

Marcus: I know–

Andre: –I need to sit down for a moment.

Marcus, feeling so desperately far from Andre, feeling there isn’t enough time to tell him what lies in his heart, decides to stay silent.

Andre: Can you sit with me? Here. 

Marcus follows the sound of Andre’s voice, being unable to see where he gestured.

Andre: I can’t…come closer. Closer…I don’t want…We’re chasing friend’s that are murdering their wife’s and…What, here give me your hand; what should we do now? (He says into the man before him, a whisper of perfect confidentiality in the moonlight.) 

Marcus: We have to do something, we can’t keep this up.

Andre: Yeah… yeah. We…you’re right. I mean, your right…We have to commit. Uncertainty has me looking at too many coincidences; I looked up the word, “coincidence” and it doesn’t even mean what’s been happening to us, it comes from the word coincide. What’s been happening to us is worse…I had another dream last night that came true today, a minor one. I didn’t realize it until later, but it was a real specific conversation from the last dream I had, and in the moment, I found myself knowing the script and improvising away from it because it felt like…it felt like when you keep having to explain something, some trivial detail about your life, to every new person that asks; and they ask with perfect curiosity and innocence but you, to you…you think it’s completely trite… I was already tired of having the conversation for the first time because I had the conversation in my sleep, the night before. In the dream I, or rather the person I’m talking to is a perfect stranger, so I don’t want to spill my purse to her, the person in real life; so I’m using all the proper social cues and boundaries, because when I seem overly familiar with people, passively expecting them to have remembered me, someone they’ve spoken to for the first time, the way I already seem to know them, or know what they are going to say, or… know them, for a lack of better phrase…I remember them, from my dream, or vision, or whatever, and sometimes it’s off-putting and then –

Marcus: Calm down. I understand. 

Andre: I’m just tired of this shit. I’m tired of it. I’m fucking tired of having these premonitions, and them coming true all day. Or these visions, all the time. They are fucking visions. Visions. There is no other way to describe it. They don’t come perfectly true, but they come pretty uncannily true. Parabolically true. Accidentally true. They come true! And I'm trying to constantly rationalize it…I’m looking it up on the Internet all the time, like the fucking Internet has the answer. 

Marcus: I know.

Andre: We have to do something. We have to stop, I have to…We... We have to stop. We are clutching the face of a precipice, this jagged cliff with terrible juts out into the oblivion…and it’s hard, and it rained recently, or for whatever reason the cliff is dark and sharp, and wet. And slick, and sharp, cutting into our hands, but the blood is better than the fucking fall. I’m tired of being scared of falling. We’ve already fallen. Or…I don't know. Maybe we are still on the cliff and too scared to go higher. We’re too scared to go higher, even though the fall would kill us from where we are, anyways. 

Marcus: We’re climbing in tandem, though; with a rope.

Andre, squeezing the hand holding his own: So what do we do?

Marcus: There’s the three of us here. The three of us on the cliff… And you are over there, hugging the jut, and our rope is taut, not between us, because we are level with one another, but taut because…

Andre: Because he’s dead.

Marcus: Because they’re dead. Right. So we…have to cut the rope…

Andre: Sacrifice. A human sacrifice. A human sacrifice. 

Marcus: I’ve left my knife…

Andre stands for a moment, and they both are intimately aware that their hands have separated, he reaches into his pants and takes out his familiar box cutter, hands it to Marcus before sitting next to him again. Their hands find each other.

Marcus: Your clothes.

Andre takes both his coat and shirt off, then his shoes, socks, and finally his pants. The two nude, sit together and wait. The two, in the moonlight, wait until the very distant voices become irrelevant. The two wait for their opportune moment. Marcus stands and pulls Andre to his feet beside him and they close the distance toward the man lain face down in the earth.

Marcus: Sit with me; on the other side, facing me. Between the two of us, is one.

Andre: Between the two of us, is one.

Marcus: Now take this and follow my finger with the blade. Together, we bless Hermaphroditus with their form.

Andre reclaims the box cutter, searching with his other hand for Marcus’ and presses the blade into the warmth in the dark. The crescent seam bears warm but a quickly cooling fount. Marcus lowers himself to the fount and its outpour, letting it flow over his pressed lips. With the wet on his lips, he gently kisses the forehead of Andre.

Marcus: Andre is the one that is afraid. (He kisses his chin.) Andre is the one that forgets. (He kisses his left cheek.) Andre is the one who forgot. (He kisses his right cheek.) Andre is the one who forgot. 

Andre: What did I forget?

Marcus: You seem to only remember your life in pieces from the perspective of having already lived it. You are overly attached to yourself. I’ve long thought that we are two egos who’ve forgotten ourselves, and only remember the present. You’ve forgotten the Truth, as I have. (He lowers himself to the fount to wet his lips.) After today, when you forget, because you’ve attached yourself too well to your ego, remember this. (He kisses Andre’s left shoulder.) Remember…(He kisses his sternum.) Remember your name, the one I'm going to give you. (He kisses his right shoulder.) You share names with those you love in marriage, to become one. (He kisses his sternum again.) You share names with those you share blood, because you were one, before. (He kisses the top of Andre’s stomach.) You share names. So I'm going to share yours with you, because you forgot.

Andre lowers his lips to the fount, faintly recoiling from the faint quiver; recoiling from the faint taste, and how familiar it is. 

Marcus: Your name is द्विजा. To be born twice. (He places a kiss just above Andre’s pelvis.) 

Andre: When I forget, (Andre kisses Marcus on the forehead.) I’ll remember this. (Andre kisses Marcus on the neck.) When I swim in doubt, I'll remember what we shared. (Andre places a kiss on the opposite side of his neck.) I’ll remember this, if I forget everything else. (Andre places a kiss on Marcus’ sternum.) I’ll remember that Andre is an ego, and Andre is the one who is afraid. (He places a kiss lower than before.) 

Marcus: Here…(Andre kisses to where he knows Marcus has gestured.) And here…(Another delicate kiss.) And here…(Another kiss, just as gently.) And here…And here…Here…

Act Three, Scene One

Two men can be seen in front of a door leading into an apartment. The sun begins to rise; and its light and the song of birds come through a window in the hallway.

Andre: Whose place is this?

Marcus: I found keys in their pocket. Be quiet. (Marcus unlocks the door, slowly widening the crack, but the door hinges convey their infidelity to silence.)

As they enter the apartment, they separate, each going through different archways, but finding each other in the living room, in front of a hearth.

Andre: I’ll start a fire. Hand me some of that paper behind you.

Marcus, after grabbing a pile of unused paper, uncovers a sprawl of books beneath: Found a book on Sanskrit. How fortunate. (He takes the book and joins Andre in front of the fireplace.)

After the two sit in the dawn and appreciate the fire, Andre begins exploring the strange apartment, while Marcus remains near the small flame. 

Marcus: How fortunate. (A small ember pops onto the open pages of his newfound book; he quickly shuts the book to smother the flame.) 

Marcus, now drawn back to staring at the inferno and pivoting the wood so that it burns slow. His eyes trace every detail before him in it’s glory, but then lock on a small chip of wood that has distanced its self from the heat. Andre sits down beside him with a handful of pears.

Andre: You haven’t eaten, have you? 

Marcus, still staring at the piece of wood: If you had to say that said something, (He says, pointing without taking his eyes from the searing wood fragment; as if it would disappear once out of sight) what would you say it said?

Andre: Hm. Hm. It’s interesting.

Marcus: It looks like handwriting doesn’t it. (Marcus takes a page of unused paper, and a pen found nearby, and begins to scribe what he sees seared into the piece of wood.) Is this what you see in the fire?

Andre: Hm. Yeah. Yes…Yeah.

Marcus, aloud but to himself: I knew I wasn't crazy. That’s my name.

Andre: There’s a man downstairs…

Marcus is locked into his own mind. A cacophony of self imposed questions, a relentless interrogation asks in private: “Why is my name written in the fire?” “Why would the fire write my name?” “Why my name?” “But why would the fire write my name?” “Why is my name in the fire?”; and the questions he doesn’t want to ask, but are burgeoning in him: “Jesus Christ, tell me it isn’t true?” “It’s my handwriting, isn’t it?” “Why is it in my handwriting?” “That’s my handwriting, right?” “I wrote it back easily, it’s exactly as I write, all of my letters, but…?” “It’s definitely my handwriting, of my name, why?” “What does that mean?” “It was etched by the heat into the wood, in my handwriting?” “My handwriting?” “That’s my handwriting, isn’t it?” “It’s exactly how I write in cursive, but it’s like I've borrowed designs from Sanskrit or…What’s the other language?” “God damn it, that’s my handwriting isn’t it?” But these later questions aren’t answered, and Marcus, petrified, doubts the truth right before him.

Marcus: Downstairs? Let’s go have a look.

Andre leads the way into the darker part of the house. Toward a cry’s clarity made by an old man searching for his loved one, they walk; where his only response is the groan of wooden floorboards approaching his door.

Outside, the sound of birds can be heard over distant engines.

End

